By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The national conversation and public presentation of the 633-page book on interests and intrigues that shaped the 2014 national conference will hold on Tuesday, June 28, 2022 by 10.00am at the Colonade Hall, NICON Luxury Hotel, Abuja. According to the statement signed by Akpandem James made available to Sundiata Post, the National Conversation will distill some of the highlights of the Conference proceedings, the trajectory of events, including moves that led to some of the very critical decisions, major contributions by delegates, the contentions, as well as other issues that are not in the public domain. The statement reads in full: About eight years after the 2014 National Conference a thought came, that some of the issues that characterised the Conference, particularly the interests and intrigues that shaped the deliberations and outcomes, should be revisited. The idea was to look at the issues beyond what is already available to the public and what was published in the Main Conference Report. That thought gave birth to a 633-page book titled The National Conversation: Interests and Intrigues that shaped the 2014 National Conference, written by two media professionals, Akpandem James and Sam Akpe, who were also at the Conference Secretariat. The Conference was a fundamental step towards addressing weighty national issues that have been canvassed over the years by the different stakeholders in the country. Therefore, it was an important national project aimed at realistically examining and genuinely resolving long standing hurdles to national cohesion and inclusive development of the country. This National Conversation distills some of the highlights of the Conference proceedings, the trajectory of events, including moves that led to some of the very critical decisions, major contributions by delegates, the contentions, as well as other issues that are not in the public domain. Deputy Chairman of the Conference, Professor Bolaji Akinyemi, wrote the Foreword. The book will be presented to the public on Tuesday, June 28, 2022 by 10.00am at the Colonade Hall, NICON Luxury Hotel, near the CBN headquarters, in Abuja. A review of the book will be done at the event by the Director, Institute of Legislative Studies and recently appointed Director, Abuja Leadership Centre, University of Abuja, Prof. Philip Afaha. Until recently, he was the Head of Department of History and Diplomatic Studies at the university. The principal players in the birthing and nurturing of the Conference have given their word to be part of the event. Nigeria’s immediate past President, His Excellency Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, GCFR, has accepted to be the chairman. Former Secretary to Government of the Federation, Senator Anyim Pius Anyim, GCON, the INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu; Conference Secretary, Dr Mrs Valerie Azinge; Dr Akilu Indabawa who was in charge of Conference Proceedings, delegates to the Conference, top politicians and journalists, business leaders, scholars and heads of development agencies, among others, have confirmed their availability for the event. The book is done in three sections. Section One contains the build-up analysis, including the road to the Conference, why it was called and the overall agenda. Section Two dwells on issues that shaped the Conference including how the Principal Officers handled the project; background to the composition of delegates and the contentious issue of representation; women at the conference – their antecedents and roles; how the Conference rules and procedures were fashioned out; the issue of voting and the 50 Wise men; the contentions that trailed the consensus groups; the ruckus over membership and leadership of Conference Committees; as well as wisecracks that tempered the ever rising tensions. Section Three contains conversations and background moves that shaped decisions on critical governance issues like Devolution of Power and Resource Allocation; Politics and Governance; Political Parties and Electoral Matters; National Security; Religion; Immunity clause; State Police; State creation; the contentious Land Use Act; the issue of Cattle Routes and Grazing Reserves; revisiting Agriculture and Water Resources; and also delegates that can be described as the forerunners and the potentates before and at the Conference. Apart from the front matters, the book has 105 pages of information on the structure of delegates by classification and by regions; Committees by responsibilities, leadership and membership; list of women and classification; those who died during the Conference, all the speeches delivered at both the inauguration and closing ceremonies; and a comprehensive indexing for easy reference. It is delivered in both hardcover and paperback. Signed:Akpandem James, fngeAkpadem@yahoo.comJune 22, 2022 By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Director General (DG) of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), Lamido Yuguda, will lead key financial sector experts stakeholders in a robust round table discussion on governments key policy which centers around inclusive financial system that will cover all strata of the… In "Top Stories" ....Three days to deadline, 13 parties yet to submit registers....Commission to create unit, hire prosecutors for electoral offences Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Ahead of the primaries of political parties scheduled to end on June 3, the Independent National Electoral Commission says it will authenticate the membership registers submitted to it… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has reiterated his call for complete autonomy for the judiciary to enable the arm of government dispassionately uphold the rule of law. Governor Ortom bared his mind Thursday, June 2nd, 2022 at the Benue Peoples House, Makurdi during… In "Top Stories"