ENUGU – Reverend Father Ejike Mbaka, Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, has apologised to Peter Obi, presidential candidate of Labour Party and supporters of the Labour Party candidate over the comment he made on Thursday saying that Peter Obi was a stingy person and would not be elected president.Mbaka, in a statement signed by him said as a “servant of God” his “intention is not to malign His Excellency, Peter Obi’s image, but to pray for him.” While appealing to Obi’s teaming supporters, the fiery Cleric said: “I give my blessings to the supporters of His Excellency Peter Obi. In any way they feel offended by my utterances or however I was misunderstood by them, I ask for their understanding and forgiveness. “I am not in any political party but I support good people and good governance. Any good person that God can give us is my choice candidate. I am a servant of God; For the sake of peace, I ask for forgiveness in any way I am misunderstood. And to Peter Obi himself, I ask God to bless him and manifest his will in his life. When God says Yes, who can say No? And when God says No, who can say Yes? I bless Peter Obi and pray for him. I bless my dear fellow Adores and pray for them. I bless the people of God everywhere and I pray that it shall be well with you all.” He reminded the youths that they’re “the same youths I am praying for, sacrificing for, fighting for, speaking for and working for their integral well being. What the youths are passing through and their conditions give me sleepless nights,” and assured them that he will always be part of their struggles. Mbaka also said in honour of Catholics killed in Owo, Ondo State bring buried today there would be no all night Adoration programme today. The full statement reads: I am grateful to God for His unquantifiable and favourable blessings, miracles, love and life for the Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Nigeria. I assure the people of God and Nigerians that I am praying for Good Governanace and Good Leadership in this country and that God will give us leaders after His own Heart.As it stands right now, it is obvious that Nigeria is passing through an indescribable insecurity, inestimable unemployment, massive corruption, heinous crimes and unbearable suffering engendered by bad leadership. I bear with my fellow country men and women in whatever we are passing through in this trying time. I call on the adorers and the entire people of God to join hands in praying that God will deliver us from the plans of the devil and it’s wicked agents. I am a servant of God and my intention is not to malign His Excellency, Peter Obi’s image, but to pray for him. May God’s will be done in his life. I pray to God whom I serve to give our beloved people good and excellent leaders who will take care of them and lead them to the promised land. Anyone who God wishes to make our Leader is my choice. In this vein, I give my blessings to the supporters of His Excellency Peter Obi. In any way they feel offended by my utterances or however I was misunderstood by them, I ask for their understanding and forgiveness. As a servant of the Most High God, I pray that it shall be well with my people. I am an ardent supporter of Good Governance, Justice, Equity, Love and Godliness. At this time our people are passing through the valleys of shadows of death (Ps23.4), I pray for peace, love and anything that will bring blessings and favour to our people and to our suffering teaming youths. I will always stand with you in all your ordeals. God will take care of you and bless you miraculously for me. My intention is not to fight or malign Mr Obi. May God bless him and his good supporters. God’s will be done in his political endeavours (Mk.14:36). The followers of Peter Obi are the same youths I am praying for, sacrificing for, fighting for , speaking for and working for their integral well being. What the youths are passing through and their conditions give me sleepless nights. It is for this reason that I yearn for good governance and worthy leaders that will take care of them. We are passing through indescribable ,unbearable and undeserved hardship in this country.I pray for Divine intervention. I am not in any political party but I support good people and good governance. Any good person that God can give us is my choice candidate. I am a servant of God; For the sake of peace, I ask for forgivensss in any way I am misundrrstood. And to Peter Obi himself, I ask God to bless him and manifest his will in his life. When God says Yes, who can say No? And when God says No, who can say Yes? I bless Peter Obi and pray for him. I bless my dear fellow Adores and pray for them. I bless the people of God everywhere and I pray that it shall be well with you all. For the sake of those who were gruesomely killed on Pentecost Sunday at St St. Francis Xavier parish Owo, Ondo State who are being buried today, there will be no all-night Adoration programme today,17th June 2022. We join the entire Catholic Church to mourn their demise. May their souls and the souls of the faithful departed through the mercy of God rest in Perfect Peace. Amen.Meanwhile, all adorers are asked to convene on Sunday 19th June 2022 for our usual 10 am Mass and Adoration of the Blessed Sacrament and Fellowship. Thank you and God bless you Signed.Rev Fr Mbaka Ejike Camillus Anthony.Spiritual Director, Adoration Ministry Enugu Nigeria. Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka Nigerians have come hard on a Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry Enugu, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, for describing Labour Party presidential candidate, Peter Obi, as a “stingy man”. While condemning his statement, Nigerians on micro-blogging site, Twitter, claimed that the cleric tagged the… In "News" Peter Obi ENUGU - The Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry Enugu, Nigeria, AMEN, Fr Ejike Mbaka has said that the presidential candidate of Labour Party, LP, Mr Peter Obi would never become the next President of Nigeria. The fiery Priest who made this known at the Adoration ground said that… In "Politics" Fr Ejike Mbaka and Mr. Peter Obi ENUGU - The Catholic Diocese of Enugu has distanced itself from what they described as unbecoming and divisive utterances of the spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry Enugu Nigeria, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka. Mbaka had during his Wednesday message lampooned the presidential candidate of… In "Top Stories"