By PETER OKOLIE OWERRI- Gov. Hope Uzodinma of Imo on Friday,  congratulated Sen. Bola  Tinubu on his emergence as  presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) for the 2023 general election. Uzodinma  congratulated the APC Presidential flag bearer in a statement signed as the Chairman, APC Special Convention /Presidential Primaries  2022. He said that by Tinubu’s victory, the party had once again demonstrated to Nigerians that APC was dedicated and committed to the tenets of democracy. According to him, the party has shown dedication to upholding all democratic principles by conducting a free, fair and credible primaries. “Tinubu’s emergence and victory has demonstrated strength, tenacity, experience, credibility and integrity as one of the founding members of the APC. “Tinubu’s huge support and contributions over the years toward the growth and development of the party in particular, and the nation’s democracy at large cannot be over emphasised,” he said. Uzodinma commended President Muhammadu Buhari for his sterling leadership qualities that gave rise to a worthy successor in Tinubu, who would continue with the good works of the President. Similarly, he commended the  APC National Chairman, Sen. Abdullahi Adamu and his team for providing an enabling environment that resulted in the free, fair and credible presidential primaries. He said: “By this victory we are confident that the APC will definitely cruise to victory in the 2023 presidential elections and other elections at all levels. “I therefore call on all our party supporters in Imo, South East and across the country to come together, irrespective of  differences and support  Asiwaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu to emerge the next president of our dear country as his wealth of experience, doggedness and sincerity of purpose is needed to move our country forward at this time. “In my capacity as the chairman of the APC special convention and presidential primaries 2022, I want to call on my brothers who were aspirants at  the presidential primaries to close ranks. “The primary election is over and a winner has emerged, now is time to work together to support our flag bearer to win the 2023 presidential election,” he stressed. (NAN) By ISHAQ ZAKIGUSAU- The All Progressives Congress (APC), Zamfara chapter has congratulated Bola Tinubu for emerging the party’s flag bearer for the presidential election at the party’s special convention.According to the party, delegates made the best choice for Nigeria.This is contained in a statement issued by the party’s Publicity secretary,… In "Politics" By OLUWATOPE LAWANSON Senator Tokunbo Abiru LAGOS- Sen. Tokunbo Abiru (APC – Lagos East )  says the All Progressives Congress (APC) made the best decision in choosing Sen. Bola Tinubu as its  2023 Presidential Candidate.Abiru  who congratulated Tinubu, a former Lagos State governor  on his emergence,  also said that APC… In "Politics" By CHIJIOKE OKORONKWO Vice President Yemi Osinbajo ABUJA- Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has congratulated  Sen. Bola  Tinubu on his victory at the ruling All Progressives Congress(APC) Presidential Primaries held on Wednesday at the Eagle Square, Abuja. Osinbajo, in a congratulatory message he personally authored on Thursday,  said that Tinubu’s sterling… In "Politics"