EAST LONDON, South Africa – South African mourners expressed anger and despair on Monday at the death of 21 teenagers in a tavern over the weekend, as investigating authorities said the youths were probably accidentally poisoned by something they ate, drank or smoked. The still unexplained deaths of the teens, some of whom were celebrating the end of school exams and others a birthday party, have brought an outpouring of grief and shocked a nation accustomed to injuries linked to a binge drinking culture. Authorities ruled out an earlier-touted notion of a stampede. Residents of Scenery Park, on the edge of East London, said they had asked authorities to close Enyobeni Tavern down weeks ago because it was serving under-aged kids. The tavern’s licence was revoked on Monday. At a prayer meeting at a local church, mourners and priests sang, prayed, drummed on hymn books and cried over the loss of the youngsters. “I’m so devastated. We are so angry,” Maxhabiso Sibotoboto, 50, whose 17-year-old granddaughter, Monelo, was among the dead, told Reuters by phone from a church memorial service for them. “People were complaining about the tavern. No one was happy about it. The community wanted the tavern to be shut,” he said. Monelo did not live with her parents, because her father had died and her mother worked a long way from home, he said. “We are so heartbroken, guys. We lost one of our family members, a child who was doing grade 12 (final year) this year. We can’t accept it,” said Yandiswa Ngqoza, an aunt, as she choked back tears outside the morgue dressed in black attire. “By the look of the child she has no visible injuries,” Ngqoza said, before breaking down sobbing. Minutes earlier she had entered the morgue and identified her niece, whose name she did not disclose. “POISONING”Eastern Cape police spokesperson Brigadier Tembinkosi Kinana told Reuters that the youngest victim was a 13-year-old girl. An emotional Police Minister Bheki Cele had to pause speaking as he started weeping on Sunday, triggering cries among his audience outside a morgue. “It is either something they ingested which will point to poisoning, whether its food or drinks, or it is something they inhaled,” Unathi Binqose, spokesperson for Eastern Cape’s provincial community safety department said by phone on Monday, ahead of a toxicology report still being awaited. He said hookah pipes were visible in CCTV footage of the scene. “We are ruling out a stampede,” he added, after initial media reports suggested this may have been the cause. read more President Cyril Ramaphosa said on Sunday he was worried about the circumstances under which young people, at least some under the age of 18 years, were allowed to gather at the tavern. It is illegal to serve drinks to under-18s in South Africa. (Reuters) With AP Report— South Africa’s police say 72 people have been killed and 1,234 have been arrested in an unrest inspired by the last week’s jailing of former President Jacob Zuma. In a statement issued Tuesday night, police Maj. Gen. Mathapelo Peters says many of the deaths were caused by… In "Foreign" Murdered Deborah Samuel Yakubu ‘On that account, We ordained for the Children of Israel that if any one slew a person unless it be for murder or for spreading mischief in the land - it would be as if he slew the whole people; and if anyone saved a life,… In "Opinion" ABUJA - Seven presidential aspirants on the platform of the All Progressives Congress, APC, have dismissed the names of five presidential aspirants purportedly presented to President Muhammadu Buhari for him to select a consensus candidate. The aspirants stressed that they were not consulted before the governors arrived at the decision.… In "Top Stories"