By NICHOLAS DECHI MAKURDI – The gubernatorial candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) in Benue, Mr Joseph Waya, has called on Benue people to join forces with the party to rescue the state from the shackles of poverty, disease and hunger.The call is contained in his 2022 Democracy Day message which he personally signed and issued on Sunday in Makurdi.“Please join us in APGA, a political party on the rescue mission in Benue. It is not encumbered by political god-fatherism and its leadership will not mortgage your future and that of your children.“Instead it will utilise the state funds frugally and judiciously for the benefit of all.“You must act by registering to vote in the forthcoming general elections to stop the economic ills visited on us by corrupt politicians for decades,” Waya said.He lamented that the country was in danger as it faced many threats that created much anxiety among the citizens.He said that the promise of democracy, as well as its rewards, remained pretty much an ideal in Nigeria.He also encouraged those in government and those outside of it to graciously cooperate to ensure that the principle of fair play prevailed in the upcoming elections.Waya stressed that never in history had the nation suffered a long and sustained economic decline that had shattered many lives.“Those who work in government are denied the wages of their labour; those who work on their farms are harmed in their sleep or on their farms and those who are artisans or traders have no patronage because of the penury of the populace.“There is no gainsaying that the majority of Nigerians today are in misery and suffering untold indignities.“Individuals and families have been stretched to a breaking point by the two political parties that have governed the country in the last two decades.“They have failed woefully and we cannot continue with this trend,” he said. (NAN) By PHILIP DZEREMO •Mr Joseph Waya A veteran Journalist, Mr Joseph Waya, on Sunday won the All Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA) primaries for the 2023 governorship election in Benue.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Waya polled 241 votes to defeat  Prof. Denen Akaa, a surgeon, who got 33… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Following the unanimous decision to adopt Rt. Hon Titus Uba as the consensus governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP) in Benue State by the leaders of the party from the 14 Tiv speaking local government areas, more Governorship aspirants have resolved… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja ) Sundiata Post) - Benue State Chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), has congratulated Rt. Hon. Titus Tyoapine Uba, over his emergence as Governorship Candidate of the party at its State Congress held in Makurdi. The Benue State House of Assembly Speaker won the majority… In "Top Stories"