ABUJA – Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, former Lagos State Governor Bola Tinubu, Ebonyi State Governor David Umahi. Jigawa State Governor Badaru Abubakar, former Niger Delta Minister Godswill Akpabio and former Transport Minister Rotimi Amaechi are among the 13 presidential aspirants cleared by the All Progressives Party Screening Committee. Others cleared by the committee are former Ogun State Governor Ibikunle Amosun, Kogi State Governor Yahaya Bello, Ekiti State Governor Kayode Fayemi, Senate President Ahmad Lawan, former Minister of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, former Technology Minister Chris Onu and Tein Jack-Rich.The report of the screening committee said all the 13 aspirants, comprising 12 men and a woman, met the basic requirements of the law and cleared to participate in the primaries. The names were arranged in alphabetical order in the report submitted to the National Chairman, Senator Abdullahi Adamu, by the chairman of the Screening committee, Chief John Oyegun, Friday. The remaining 10 aspirants were disqualified by the committee. The committee, according to the report, recommended adoption of consensus candidates among the aspirants but further recommended that if it was impossible to build a consensus, then the party should proceed to hold an elective primary. (THISDAY) By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE ABUJA- The All Progressives Congress (APC) says only 13 aspirants, out of  23 have been cleared to contest for the party’s ticket in the upcoming Presidential Primary Election.Chief John Odigie-Oyegun, Chairman of the seven-man 2023 APC Presidential Screening Committee, announced this on Friday in Abuja, while submitting… In "Politics" By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE •Senator Bola Tinubu ABUJA- Sen. Bola Tinubu, a frontline presidential aspirant of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Monday appeared before the party’s John Odigie-Oyegun-led seven-man Presidential Screening Committee.According to a statement issued by Mr Bayo Onanuga, Director-General Tinubu Campaign Organisation, the former two-term Lagos State governor… In "Politics" By ADEYEMI ADELEYE LAGOS- The Electoral Committee for APC Governorship Primaries in Lagos State has revealed that only Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu was cleared to participate.The APC special state congress to select the party’s   candidate for the 2023 governorship election held on Thursday.Alhaji Adamu Yuguda,  Chairman of the five-man electoral committee,… In "Politics"