By ISMAILA CHAFE ABUJA- President Muhammadu Buhari has congratulated Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State on his 57th birthday, rejoicing with the political leader on remarkable strides of service in the private and public sector.The president, in a congratulatory message issued by his spokesman, Mr Femi Adesina, on Saturday in Abuja, noted the visionary leadership of the governor with impact on infrastructure, security, business outlook and public service.He also lauded the governor for creating opportunities for Nigerians and foreign investors to benefit from the economic vibrancy of the state.According to the president, Sanwo-Olu’s vast experience in the private sector will always be relevant in pursuing competence and excellence in governance, after working successfully with the big financial institutions in the country.Buhari prayed that the almighty God would keep and prosper the governor, who was onetime former Managing Director and CEO of Lagos State Property Development Corporation, and his family. (NAN) By ADEYEMI ADELEYE Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu LAGOS- Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State has clinched the APC ticket to run for second term in the 2023 governorship election in the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Sanwo-Olu,  a  sole aspirant at the primaries held on Thursday at… In "Politics" By FLORENCE ONUEGBU Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu LAGOS- Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State says his administration has matched words with achievements, as far as governance is concerned in the past three years.Sanwo-Olu said this on Sunday, during the 3rd Anniversary Thanksgiving Service of his administration, held at the Chapel of… In "News" By ANGELA ATABO Senator Bola Tinubu, Governor Yahaya Bello ABUJA- Sen. Bola Tinubu, the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, on Friday commended Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi, for mobilising the consciousness of youths during his campaign. Tinubu stated this when he visited Gov Bello in Abuja, barely… In "Politics"