By ABRAHAM JONAH, Managing Editor, Middle East DUBAI – The United Arab Emirates (UAE), one of the fastest growing economies in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC), with Dubai as its most prestigious business city, has added more feathers to its cap. UAE, believing that energy infrastructure is one of the ways of building and sustaining processes, development and more, has been doing a lot in a bid to be atop others in its provision and sustainability.  To move on the next level as it has to do with the encouragement of the using of electric cars, the Ministry of Energy and Infrastructure has selected Siemens Tech to power the nation’s electric vehicle charging corridor. Sequel to this development, Siemens is powered to supply ultra-fast charging units on highways connecting the seven emirates being Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Sharjah, Ajman, Umm Al-Quwain, Fujairah and Ras Al Khaimah. To cement this arrangement the Ministry and Siemens have signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) to work together on sustainability and digitalisation initiatives in the energy and infrastructure sectors to move these sectors to the next level. It is also worthy to know that this electronic vehicle (EV) Charging Corridor is the first project to be delivered under the MOU framework. The essence of selecting Siemens technology for a nationwide network of ultra-fast electric vehicle (EV) chargers is to help reduce carbon emissions, boost adoption of EVs by addressing so-called range anxiety, and lay the groundwork for a more connected and sustainable transportation system. This among many others is part of the initiatives engineered by the ministry to make the country a better one. By UMMUL IDRIS •Late President Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Al Nahyan Dubai- The President of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan passed away on Friday, the Ministry of Presidential Affairs announced.The ministry also confirmed that there will be 40 days of official mourning with flags across… In "Foreign" By ISMAILA CHAFE President Muhammadu Buhari Abuja- President Muhammadu Buhari will depart Abuja on Thursday on condolence visit to United Arab Emirates (UAE). Buhari will meet with the new President of the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, to convey his condolences on the passing of… In "News" Oil prices rebounded on Thursday after the United Arab Emirates said it is committed to major producers' pact to add 400,000 barrels per day of supply monthly, hours after UAE's ambassador to Washington said his country favoured a bigger increase. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures jumped more than… In "Business"