By Kingsley Chukwuka Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The candidate for the Plateau Central Senatorial District in the 2023 general elections, Amb. Golkuna Yohanna Gotom, has said the opposition People’s Democratic Party (PDP), will take over Plateau State from the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC), in the 2023 general elections. Gotom said the failure of the APC to deliver its campaign promises in the last seven years, is a clear indication that the electorates will reject them in the future election. Speaking with our correspondent in Jos, Wednesday, Gotom also dismissed fears that his opponent from the APC will stand a chance at the secondary election, adding that the same fate will befall all APC candidates in the State and the federal level, due to the deceit they have fed the people with in the past seven years. “The consequence of this is that the APC has lost focus, it became a party without a goal in mind, unable to assert or proclaim any specific principle or ideology. The economy has paid dearly for this and the political space has become turbulent and things are falling apart without any center at all. “In the scheme of things presently, nobody is sure of anything within the APC. They only just wanted power for the sake of it, still blaming the PDP even after about seven painful years in office”, he said. Gotom however said with the calibre of politicians in the PDP who have over the years given the people quality governance, there is no doubt that victory is assured. “With the emergence of the former Vice President, Alh. Atiku Abubarka as the PDP presidential candidate, and Caleb Mutfwang as the governorship candidate in the State, is a clear signal that the reign of APC is over both in the State and at the federal”, Gotom said. He lauded a PDP stalwart and a former governor, Jonah Jang for the fatherly role played in keeping the party together over thus far, adding that the success of the party primaries in the State is owed largely to the consistent advice and choices of candidate Sen. Jang has supported. By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Governor Simon Lalong of Plateau State has said the former Minster of Transportation, Hon. Chibike Amaechi will get all the APC delegates' votes from Plateau State, saying it is time for him to reap from the State. Lalong said the former Minister single… In "Top Stories" Abuja - No fewer than 30 senators may not make it back to the parliament in 2023 when the 10th National Assembly would be inaugurated.  While some are pursuing other aspirations, paving the way for other aspirants to take over their seats in the Red Chamber, the re-election bids of… In "Top Stories" By PETER AMINE •Governor Simon Lalong Jos-  A group, Equity and Justice Forum, has advised Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau and the leadership of All Progressives  Congress (APC) against imposing a candidate on the delegates at the forthcoming gubernatorial primary election in the state.Equity and Justice Forum Chairman, Mr Omar Shittien and… In "Politics"