By ALABA-OLUSOLA OKE AKURE- A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress  (APC) in Ondo State, Princess Omowumi Olatunji, has described Asiwaju Ahmed Tinubu’s victory in the just-concluded presidential primary of the party as an attestation of years of his service to humanity. This is contained in a congratulatory message by Olatunji-Ohwovoriole on Wednesday in Akure. The News Agency of Nigeria  (NAN) reports that Tinubu polled 1,271 votes while his closet co-contestant, Rotimi Amaechi, got 316 votes. Olatunji-Ohwovoriole, who congratulated Tinubu for the outstanding victory, explained that Tinubu’s emergence was well deserved, saying that the victory had left no one in doubt of Tinubu’s passion to better the lives of others. She stated that an opportunity to serve in the highest office in the country would no doubt afford him the needed opportunity to touch millions of lives. The Akure princess also lauded members of the party most especially governors and leaders who stepped down their interest toward making the emergence of Tinubu possible, saying the  sacrifice was in the best interest of all Nigerians. She also appealed Nigerians to massively vote for Tinubu in the 2023 general election, saying she had no doubt that Nigeria would witness tremendous development under his watch if voted to become the nation’s president. (NAN) Lagos- Sen. Oluremi Tinubu on Monday picked the All Progressives Congress (APC) ticket for the Lagos Central Senatorial District at the party’s primary election. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Tinubu is presently representing the senatorial district at the senate. Mr Kehinde Akinola, the Chairman of the Electoral… In "News" LAGOS - The All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship candidate for Lagos State , Mr Akinwunmi Ambode, on Saturday said the party would use the remaining days before elections to fast and pray for victory. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] Ambode made this known while addressing APC members and supporters in Lagos, who engaged… In "News" LAGOS - Chief Bola Tinubu, National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), has described the victory of the party’s presidential candidate, Muhammadu Buhari, as Nigeria's finest moment in its political history. "It is a moment when hope is re-born, faith is rekindled and a fresh fire of patriotism is… In "News"