….APC, PDP Agents differ Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Agents of the African Democratic Congress and the Social Democratic Party at Ward 2 Unit 8, Iworoko, Ifelofun/Irepodun Local Government Area of Ekiti State, have alleged that a particular political party was engaging in vote-buying at the ongoing Ekiti State governorship poll. The allegation was, however, countered by the agent of the All Progressives Congress and that of the Peoples Democratic Party, who said the election was progressing without hitch. Speaking to our correspondent, SDP agent, Bukunmi Oluwafemi, said the exercise was peaceful, but observed that a party was trying to do “see and buy.” He said, “The voting is going on well. People are coming out to vote. There is a party that is trying to do ‘see and buy’ but we have cautioned them.” Corroborating Oluwafemi, the agent of the ADC, Yusuf Kehinde, also alleged that some people asked voters to reveal the party they voted for and collect money. “They (voters) are showing their ballot papers to agents of a party and we said that shouldn’t be. A particular party is buying votes,” Kehinde said. But in a counter reaction, the APC agent at the polling unit, Muideen Fatayo, said there was no problem, noting that “everything is going well.” Speaking in similar vein, Matthew Fapohunda, who is the agent of the PDP at the unit, also said the election was being held without any hitch. .....Commission says new method’ll complement manual process Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The ruling All Progressives Congress, Peoples Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party and 13 other political parties are jostling to produce the next governor of Ekiti State in today’s election. The exercise is scheduled to hold across the 2,445 polling… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A former governor of Ekiti State, Segun Oni, on Wednesday described as ‘mere speculation’, reports that a former governor of Lagos State, Bola Tinubu, would join the Social Democratic Party. He was reacting to questions from journalists in Abuja after inaugurating the SDP sub-convention committee on… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress, Biodun Oyebanji, has expressed optimism of becoming the next governor of Ekiti State. He spoke after voting in the ongoing governorship election in the state The APC candidate was accredited alongside his wife, Prof. Olayemi at ward 06, unit… In "Top Stories"