By SEGUN GIWA AKURE- A member of the Ondo State House of Assembly representing Idanre Constituency, Mr Festus Akingbaso, has condemned the killing of worshipers at St. Francis Catholic Church, Owo, on Sunday.Aingbaso, who is also the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate for Idanre/Ifedore Federal Constituency in the 2023 election, made the condemnation in a statement on Monday in Akure.The lawmaker, who condoled with the families of the victims and the church, charged the government to bring the perpetrators of the dastardly act to book.“This is a callous and an act that could only be described as evil, because there can never be justification for the dastardly act.“I pray for the family of those affected by the attack and may God give them the fortitude to bear the irreparable loss,” he said.Also, a traditional ruler, the Asin of Okaland, Oba Pius Akande, who said the attack was barbaric, urged the state government to ensure thorough investigation into the incident.Akande, in a statement, described the attack as wicked and ungodly.He, however, condoled with the Olowo of Owo, Oba Ajibade Ogunoye, the entire people of Owo Kingdom, the bereaved families and the church.An NGO, Concerned Citizens for Global Development, the organisers of PVC-HANGOUT campaign, while reacting to the attack, said the country’s peaceful co-existence is not negotiable.The NGO in a statement issued by its Executive Director, Mr Segun Akinsehinde, said “Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families, the Catholic Church, the people of Owo and the government of Ondo State.“As a country, peaceful co-existence should be our watchword,” he said. (NAN) By POLYCARP AUTAJOS- The Evangelical Church Winning All (ECWA) has appealed to the Federal Government to adopt modern technology to fight insecurity in the country.Rev. Stephen Baba-Panya, the President of ECWA, made the appeal in statement on Monday in Jos.Baba-Panya, who was reacting to the killing of some Catholic faithful… In "Security" By KEVIN OKUNZUWAA Governor Godwin Obaseki BENIN- Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo has condemned, in the strongest terms, the weekend’s attack on worshipers at St. Francis Catholic Church in Owo, Ondo State.The governor’s condemnation is contained in a statement by his Special Adviser on Media Project, Mr Crusoe Osagie on… In "News" By ALABA-OLUSOLA OKE Senator Bola Tinubu OWO(ONDO STATE)-A National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Sen. Bola Tinubu, has donated N75 million to the victims of Sunday’s gunmen attack on St. Francis Catholic Church, Owo.Tinubu, a presidential aspirant on the platform of APC, made the donation on Monday in… In "News"