…As Operators Appeal to passengers for understanding By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The leadership of the Association of Hajj and Umrah Operators in Nigeria (AHUON) has assured it’s members that their accounts would be credited tomorrow (Wednesday) as issues surrounding the delay would be ratify tonight. This was as a result of the delay in lifting some of the passengers to the Saudi Arabia to perform their religious rights, mostly those who paid through the agents who are members of the association. Speaking to newsmen shortly after a meeting of the leadership of Tour Operators and the National Hajj Commission (NAHCON) on Tuesday in Abuja, the National Publicity Secretary, Nasir Chamo Muhammad said, the meeting was fruitful and they (agents) are happy that the issues surrounding the delay has been addressed. According to him, the issue was traced to the service provider in Saudi, (MUHASASA), adding that the service provider was called upon as the meeting was going on and they assured of rectifying the issue caused by poor network service with immediate effect. However, the association has appealed to their passengers for understanding, adding that starting from tomorrow, every arrangement will come to normalcy. “I want to assure our members and our passengers that from our meeting with the leadership of the NAHCON on Tuesday, by tomorrow (Wednesday) our accounts would be credited. Meanwhile, the Chairman/ CEO, NAHCON, Alhaji Zikrullah Kunle Hassan appealed to the affected operators to bear with them, promising that it will not happen again. One of the operators, Abdulhakeem Olanigan of Az-Fanha Travel Agency Ltd, said he was happy that the issues affecting their passengers was resolved in a meeting on Tuesday. By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja -  The National Hajj Commission of Nigeria (NAHCON) has advised intending pilgrims to ensure timely payment of 2018 Hajj fare to enable the commission meet the deadline for closure of registration by the Saudi Authority. The Executive Chairman of NAHCON, Alhaji Abdullahi Muhammad gave the advice… In "News" …We’ll certify any aircraft before operation – NCAA…Why we’re yet to lift pilgrims – Azman AirAbuja (Sundiata Post) - Barely 48 hours to the commencement of airlifting of intending pilgrims to Saudi Arabia for 2022 Hajj pilgrimage, some states are already rejecting the selection of Azman Air aircraft for the… In "Top Stories" By PETER UWUMAROGIE GOMBE- Alhaji Haruna Rasheed II, the Emir of Dukku, Gombe State, has urged the state’s intending pilgrims to Saudi Arabia to pray for the peaceful conduct of the 2023 general elections. Rasheed made the call in an interview with newsmen in Gombe on Friday shortly after the… In "Politics"