By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has said that the upper chamber would, next week Wednesday, screen the seven ministerial nominees forwarded to the chamber by President Muhammadu Buhari for confirmation. Lawan stated this in an announcement on Wednesday, moments before the Senate adjourned plenary. “The ministerial nominees will be screened on Wednesday, next week”, he said. President Buhari, in a letter dated 15th June, 2022, requested the Senate to confirm the nomination of seven ministerial nominees. He said the confirmation request was made in accordance with Section 147(2) of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, as amended. The nominees for confirmation include: Henry Ikechukwu Ikoh – Abia State; Umana Okon Umana – Akwa Ibom State; Ekumankama Joseph Nkama- Ebonyi State; and Goodluck Nanah Opiah – Imo State. Others are Umar Ibrahim El-Yakub – Kano State; Ademola Adewole Adegoroye – Ondo State; and Odum Udi – Rivers State. The nominees will be screened individually by the upper chamber during plenary. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari has sent seven ministerial nominees to the senate for confirmation. The president of the Senate, Ahmed Lawan who read the letter on the floor of the Senate during plenary, said: "On Tuesday, the Senate received executive communication from President Buhari… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate, on Wednesday, passed the Witness Protection and Management Bill, 2022.  The passage of the bill was sequel to the consideration of a report by the Committee on Judiciary, Human Rights and Legal Matters.  Chairman of the Committee, Senator Opeyemi Bamidele, in… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate on Wednesday, confirmed the nominations of seven members of the Monetary Policy Committee of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN). The confirmation of the nominees followed the consideration of a report by the Committee on Banking, Insurance and Other Financial Institutions.… In "News"