Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Yemi Osinbajo Campaign Organisation’s top campaigner, Richard Akinnola, has congratulated the former Lagos State governor, Bola Tinubu, on his early lead and “presumed victory” at the ongoing All Progressives Congress presidential primary. So far, Tinubu has obtained over 890 votes to lead his closest contenders, Rotimi Amaechi and Yemi Osinbajo. Amaechi has obtained 175 votes while Osibanjo polled 126. On his Facebook page on Wednesday morning, Akinnola said though it appeared Tinubu would emerge victorious at the end of the exercise, he was proud of his support for the vice president. He wrote, “Congratulations, Asiwaju Tinubu, the presumed winner of the primaries. In any contest, there must be a winner. However, I’m very proud of my choice of support in the person of Prof. Yemi Osinbajo. “I have no iota of regret over my support for him. It was a privilege to play a pivotal role for him during the process. “I would gladly do it over and over again. It’s a matter of conviction. And for all our supporters and other volunteers who worked assiduously, day and night on the PYO project, God bless you all. I’m so proud of all of you. As l often say, God rules in the affairs of men and He has a purpose for what just happened. Understandably, many of you are dispirited and downcast but do not let your heart be troubled. There must be a reason God allowed this. “It may not be manifest to us now but later as He is all-knowing. I’m unfazed, unbowed and VERY PROUD of PYO. Our supporters, abeg, make una shake it off. No be say person dieLife goes on. No yawa.” Meanwhile, the Special Adviser to the President on Political Matters, Senator Babafemi Ojudu, has hailed Osinbajo as counting and sorting continues at the Eagle Square, the venue of the APC presidential primary. “PYO you remain my hero for life. Congratulations to everyone who has been part of this movement. God bless you all and may we not trade our nation away as some did yesterday,” Ojodu said. A total of 2,260 delegates of the All Progressives Congress voted at the ongoing party’s Presidential Primary at Eagle Square, Abuja. The total rundown of states and their respective accredited delegates are as follows: Abia – 50; Adamawa- 62; Anambra- 63; Bayelsa- 24; Bauchi- 55; Benue- 64; Borno- 81; Cross River- 54; Delta- 73; Enugu- 51; Ekiti- 48; Edo- 54; Ebonyi- 38; FCT- 80. Others are Gombe- 33; Imo- 81; Jigawa- 81; Lagos- 60; Plateau- 51; Katsina- 102; Kebbi- 63; Kwara- 48; Kogi- 63; Kaduna- 61; Kano- 126; Nasarawa- 39; Niger- 75; Ondo- 54; Ogun- 60; Oyo- 99; Osun- 90; Rivers- 69; Sokoto- 69; Taraba- 46; Yobe- 51 and Zamfara- 42. Senator Bukola Saraki has congratulated Prof. Yemi Osinbajo on his emergence as the Vice Presidential candidate/running mate of General Muhammad Buhari under the All Progressive Congress (APC). In a statement made available to SundiataPost, Saraki said "The emergence of Professor Yemi Osinbajo - a Professor of Law; a well-ranked academician;… In "News" LAGOS (SundiataPost) — The All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential campaign’s whistle stop tour of all 36 states moved to Abeokuta, Ogun State on Tuesday.The delegation was led by the presidential candidate, Muhammadu Buhari along with his running mate, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo. Other members of the party were also in attendance… In "News" Abuja -  Wife of the President, Mrs Aisha Buhari, has expressed concern over decline in the number of female legislature in the 8th Assembly. Aisha spoke on Sunday in Abuja at a reception organised by the Committee of Friends in honour of former Gov. Rotimi Amaechi of Rivers She said… In "News"