ABUJA – Elder Godsday Orubebe, a former Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, has quit the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). He disclosed this in a letter on Monday, June 20, 2022. In the letter addressed to the party’s national chairman, Dr. lyorchia Ayu, he stated that he decided because the party is not ready to regain power from the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in the 2023 general elections. The letter reads: “I write to formally inform you of my resignation from the People’s Democratic Party, (PDP). This has been communicated to the Chairman of Burutu Ward 3, Burutu Local Government Area, Delta State, effective 20th June 2022. Consequently, I am by this letter intimating you of my total withdrawal from all activities at the Ward, Local, State and National levels of the People’s Democratic Party, (PDP). “I am highly honoured and privileged to have been part of a political party that successfully transformed a pariah nation to one that commanded respect in the comity of nations. When we lost the Presidential election in 2015 in bewildered (sic) circumstances, to say the least, I believed that the party would use the opposition period to re-strategize to take back power at the earliest opportunity. “However, the present situation in the party does not inspire confidence that the party is ready to regain power in 2023. Against the mood of the nation and in complete disregard to (sic) the provisions of the party’s constitution, the party, threw the zoning of the Presidency open, which created a situation that led to the emergence of a Northerner as the party’s Presidential flagbearer, thus making the two topmost positions in the party, after your emergence as the National Chairman, to be occupied by Northerners, contrary to section 7.3(c) of the party’s constitution. “I salute and commend the Governor of Rivers State, His Excellency, Nyesom Wike for his efforts and gallantry at the primaries. Posterity will be kind to him when the history of the party is written. There are lots to be said, but out of respect for the party. I leave some stories untold at this time. “My belief in the sanctity of Nigeria is unshaken and I will continually work for her progress and development, even if it is through another route. “I thank you sir and wish you all the best,” the letter added. Orubebe was appointed Nigerian Minister of Niger Delta Affairs on April 6, 2010, when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan announced his new cabinet. On 31 March 2015, Orubebe, acting as a polling agent for the PDP, made attempts at disrupting the proceedings of the 2015 presidential election coalition. Orubebe alleged that the then INEC Chairman, Attahiru Jega, had taken sides with the main opposition political party at the time, APC. He, however, later apologised to Nigerians over his conduct, urging them not to follow in his footsteps and explaining that he regretted his action. By Emma Ogbuehi It is no longer news that the former Anambra State Governor, Peter Obi, has dumped the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). But the question many are asking is why? The first doubt to be cleared is that while it is true that Obi has announced his withdrawal from… In "Politics" By ADEYEMI ADELEYE Gov..Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta (Left) and Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, PDP Presidential candidate (Right) LAGOS- Former Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Lagos State, Adedeji Doherty, has described Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta and running mate to the party’s Presidential Candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, as an… In "Politics" By OLONIRUHA EMMANUEL •Peter Obi ABUJA- Presidential aspirant of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Peter Obi, has resigned from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and also withdraws from the presidential race on the platform of the party.Obi announced his resignation in a letter titled “Resignation From PDP and Withdrawal from the… In "Politics"