ABUJA – Alhaji Isa Baba Buji, one of the delegates of Jigawa State at the ongoing special convention of the All Progressives Congress (APC), is dead. It was gathered that Buji died at the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, on Tuesday. Until his sudden death, Buji was the APC vice chairman in charge of Jigawa South west. He reportedly slumped in the morning at the State Liaison Office at FCT, while getting ready to go to the venue of the convention. Confirming the development, the Jigawa State APC Public Relations Officer, Bashir Kundu, told Daily Trust, “he died this morning”. The public relations officer added that “he slumped at Jigawa State liaison office in Abuja and he was rushed to hospital and he died before arriving the hospital. When we arrived the hospital, he was confirmed dead.” It was gathered that the deceased was conveyed to the hospital by the member of the House of Representatives representing Birnin Kudu/Buji Federal Constituency, Engr. Magaji Da’u Aliyu. (Daily Trust) •President Buhari in the meeting with APC presidential aspirants on Saturday night ABUJA (Press Release) - President Muhammadu Buhari Saturday night met with all the aspirants for President on the platform of All Progressives Congress, at State House, Abuja, urging them to hold consultations, and come up with a formidable… In "Politics" •Senate President Ahmed Lawan ABUJA - Coming shortly after a meeting President Muhammadu Buhari held with nothern governors of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), the National Chairman of the party has announced Senate President Ahmed Lawan as the consensus candidate of the party. Adamu made the announcement at the… In "Top Stories" President Muhammadu Buhari The All Progressive Congress, APC, will, today, begin the process of picking its Presidential flag bearer in Abuja, at its two-day national convention. Already, a screening committee, headed by former National Chairman, Chief John Oyegun, has screened 23 presidential aspirants eying the number one office in the… In "Opinion"