By LUCY OSUIZIGBO-OKECHUKWU AWKA- Teachers engaged by the Parents Teachers Association (PTA) who were recently converted to permanent staff in Anambra state schools on Tuesday protested the termination of their jobs by Gov. Charles Soludo. The protesters barricaded the entrance of the state House of Assembly in Awka, as they displayed placards with various inscriptions. Some of the placards read: “Give us back our jobs”, “Why terminate our appointments after seven months of work without pay?”, “We met the criteria, we were duly employed, Please reinstate us” and “Gov. Soludo reconsider your stand.” Others read: “Assembly please intervene and help save our jobs,”, among others. Addressing newsmen, the spokesperson of the protesters, Mr Uche Eze, appealed to Gov. Soludo to reconsider his position on the termination of the newly converted PTA teachers. Eze also called on the legislature to prevail on the executive to reinstate them. “We are teachers engaged by the PTA to address the acute shortage of teachers in the state’s primary and secondary schools. “Some of us had worked for over 10 years before the last administration decided to hold a recruitment and conversion exercise to make us permanent staff. “About 1,000 of us were shortlisted and we got our appointment letters in Nov. 2021 to resume fully but for over seven months we have not been paid and we have just been told that our appointments have been terminated. “We were asked to go and re-apply in the ongoing online teachers’ recruitment. This is not fair, we were not paid off and we are stranded because they are sending us back to the labour market after we were duly employed. “We are appealing to the Speaker of the House of Assembly to use his office to intervene in this matter and help us save our jobs, ” he said. Addressing the protesters, the Speaker of the House, Mr Uche Okafor, promised that the he would discuss the matter with the Governor. “We have heard you complaints and appeals. As your representatives in the Assembly, we are your ears and mouthpiece, so whatever affects you, affects us. “I want to assure you that we will speak for you by taking this matter to the Governor and discuss it, so that you get that which is duly yours,” he said. (NAN) By CHIMEZIE ANASO Governor Chukwuma Soludo AWKA- Anambra’s Gov. Chukwuma Soludo on Sunday apologised over technical hitches that characterised Saturday’s online recruitment test for applicants into the state’s civil service.He said, however, that it was uncharitable for anyone to refer to the online test as “Soludo 419’’ as was being… In "News" •Governor Chukwuma Soludo (left) and Igwe Alfred Achebe, Obi of Onitsha at Awka peace dialogue BY CHIMEZIE ANASO AWKA - Prof. Chukwuma Soludo, Governor of Anambra, has given the assurance that he will lead his brother governors in the South-East to engage the Federal Government on dialogue to handle  insecurity… In "Top Stories" By CHIMEZIE ANASO Awka- Gov. Chukwuma Soludo of Anambra has condemned the killing and beheading of Mr Okechukwu Okoye, a member of the state House of Assembly and Director of his campaign organisation, Mr Cyril Chiegboka.The heads without (trunks) of Okoye and Chiegboka were discovered around Chisco park junction in… In "News"