By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – A Jos business man and manufacturer of Diamond Paint, Chief Jonah Ezekwueme has revealed why his children and thousands of youths want the former governor of Anambra State, Mr. Peter Obi to be President. Ezekwueme, who was also the former President General of the Igbo Cultural Association (ICA), in Plateau State, said his five children who are graduates are all still at home without a job. “My five children who are graduates are all still at home eating from me”, he said. The Igbo Chieftain stated this in Jos at the weekend during an interaction with our correspondent. He noted that the humongous youth based support for Peter Obi is due to the fact that most Nigerians are jobless and the only candidate among all the presidential aspirants for the 2023 general elections with the requisite credentials to turn the country around, is the former Anambra governor. “It is the youths that are asking Peter Obi to run for president. He is the only man among all the aspirants that believes in the future of the youths. “Obi has been consistent in his quest for turning Nigeria from a consuming to a producing nation. This confirms the clamour for him by the youths, rather than the recycled politicians who have left the future of an average Nigerian bleak”. Ezekwueme called on every young man and woman to get their permanent voters card (PVC) and vote out bad governance in the 2023 general elections. •Peter Obi “Deep calls to deep in the roar of your waterfalls; all your waves and breakers have swept over me.” – Psalm 42:7 There has been a misguided counter-narrative against the campaign for Nigerian President of South-East extraction. The opponents of this just and noble campaign say that zoning… In "Opinion" By AISHA GAMBO •Peter Obi Kaduna- Former governor of Anambra, Peter Obi, says he will invest in the youth and create job opportunities, if elected president in the 2023 general elections.Obi said this on Monday in Kaduna while interacting with People’s Democratic Party (PDP) delegates and seeking their support in… In "Politics" L-r: Bola Tinubu, Peter Obi, Atiku Abubakar We are gradually inching toward a change of baton from President Muhammadu Buhari to a new man, a new face, and possibly a ‘messiah’ that will, hopefully, rescue Nigeria and Nigerians from the hugely disappointing tenure of Buhari. On May 29, next year,… In "Opinion"