Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Chief Whip of the Senate and senator representing Abia North, Orji Uzor Kalu, has said that he is not the Director General of Lawan Campaign Organisation, the team in charge of the presidential aspiration of Senate President, Ahmad Lawan. He stated this while reacting to media reports which listed him as the Director General of the organisation. In a release sent to newsmen, Kalu said, “The list should be disregarded, as no authorisation was given to the effect of its publication.” He said, “It is important to notify the general public that we are not yet in the campaign proper. A committee will be inaugurated to that effect once our most preferred candidate, Senator Ahmad Lawan, emerges as the presidential candidate of All Progressives Congress.” Kalu added, “I am also running for election in my senatorial district and would rather recommend a sitting governor who is not running for an election to chair the campaign team at the right time”. According to him, several private visitors who were not even part of the meeting were also reported to have been in attendance, including Sen. Betty Apiafi and Sen. Uche Ekwunife who visited on a different bipartisan matter concerning the senate. He warned, “It is mischief to have included these names as part of Ahmad Lawan Campaign Organisation”. ByIKENNA UWADILEKE Senator Ahmed Lawan ABUJA- Ahead of the 2023 general elections, the Ahmad Lawan Central Campaign Organisation has announced the Chief Whip of the Senate, Sen. Orji Kalu as its Director-General. Senator Orji Uzor Kalu Kalu, in a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan said on Thursday that his presidential bid is in his capacity as a Nigerian who is qualified to be President and not as a northern aspirant as is being insinuated in some quarters."I am not running… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Chief Whip of the Senate, Orji Kalu, has revealed the hidden game plan of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), saying that nine presidential aspirants are set to step down for the emergence of the Senate President Ahmad Lawan. However, Mr Kalu, who… In "Top Stories"