By NAOMI SHARANG ABUJA- Deputy Senate President and Delta APC’s governorship candidate, Sen. Ovie Omo-Agege, has rewarded brave tanker driver, Ejiro Otarigho, with a personal donation of N1 million.On June 10, Otarigho averted monumental disaster when he drove his burning petrol tanker away from a densely-populated area in Agbarho, Delta, to the riverside.His action saved hundreds of lives and property worth billions of Naira.Applauding the tanker driver, Omo-Agege said his courageous action saved his constituents and averted a national catastrophe and mourning.Responding, Otarigho thanked Omo-Agege for his kind donation, even as he used the opportunity to debunk media reports that he was not interested in a national honour but in a new tanker.“I look forward to coming to Abuja for the national honour recommended for me to the president by the Senate. I thank Sen. Omo-Agege again for moving the motion,’’ Otarigho said.These were made known in Abuja on Friday in a statement issued by Mr Ima Niboro, Director, Communications and Media Strategy, Omo-Agege Campaign Organisation.Last week, the Senate recommended Otarigho to President Muhammadu Buhari for a national honour.This followed a motion moved by Sen. Omo-Agege, co-sponsored by Sen. James Manager (PDP- Delta) and Sen. Peter Nwaoboshi (APC-Delta North). (NAN) .... Recommends him to Buhari for National Honours By Chibuike Nwabuko The Senate has resolved to honour Ejiro Otarigho, the brave tanker driver who drove a burning tanker from danger zone to avert a tragic fire incident in Agbarho, Delta State. It also recommended Ejiro to President Muhammadu Buhari for… In "Top Stories" Senator Omo-Agege addressing the mammoth crowd By ANNABELL OGHENEGANRE The crowd was massive. Effurun was practically shut down. It was like a Presidential rally. The sea of heads that graced the occasion was unprecedented. They came from all parts of Delta State. They were ordinary voters hungry for change. They… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Deputy Senate President, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege, has emerged winner of the All Progressives Congress (APC) primary election in Asaba, the Delta State capital. Senator Omo-Agege emerged victorious after polling 1,190 votes in the Delta State APC governorship primary election. Although he was returned… In "Top Stories"