AKURE (Press Release) – We received with utmost joy the news of the resolution of the 11 Governors from the Northern Region thus: “We therefore wish to strongly recommend to President Muhammad Buhari that the search for his successor as the APC Presidential Candidate be limited to our compatriots from the Southern states. We appeal to all aspirants from the Northern state to withdraw in the national interest and allow only the aspirants from the south to proceed to the primaries. We are delighted by the decision of our esteem colleague His Excellency Gov Abubakar Badru to contribute to this patriotic quest by withdrawing his presidential aspiration.” We did not expect anything short of this heart-warming decision from our colleagues, great patriots and reliable partners in the collaborative efforts geared towards the attainment of nationhood for our dear country. This is indeed another landmark achievement in our quest for understanding, rapprochement and continual engagements for mutual beneficence. We acknowledge this courageous stance for equity and moral rectitude. We applaud the zeal and determination of our brothers to engage realistically and honestly. We salute this uncommon resolve to confront issues militating against the march towards nationhood and ultimate greatness. By this gesture, we are convinced of the seriousness of our colleagues to join other patriots in ensuring that the ascendant march towards stability, progress and prosperity is not truncated by indiscretion. We congratulate our brother Governor, Abubakar Badaru, for his exemplary conduct. Posterity will remember him for good. We thank the leadership of the Northern Governors’ Forum for the patriotic zest displayed at this crucial moment. We look forward to conducting a hitch free Convention which will culminate in the election of a suitable candidate who will hoist the flag of the party with a sense of mission. Arakunrin Oluwarotimi Akeredolu,SAN.Chairman, Southern Nigeria Governors’ Forum •Buhari at a dinner with presidential aspirants• ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari has formally backed rotation of power to the Southern part of the country in the 2023 presidential election. The president made this known at a dinner with the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential aspirants at the Aso Villa,… In "Top Stories" Alhaji Atiku Abubakar After last weekend's primary by the opposition People’s Democratic Party (PDP) which produced former Vice President Atiku Abubakar as the party’s candidate for next year’s presidential election, political leaders in the South have been hurling abuses at the North for betrayal. According to pro-zoning interest groups in… In "Column - Thursday" Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, now Deputy Chairman, Yahaya Bello Presidential Campaign Council ABUJA - Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, a former aviation minister and now a chieftain of the ruling APC has said if Southern politicians were serious about their clamour that the 2023 Presidency be zoned to the South, all presidential apirants… In "Politics"