By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Some political parties in the North are secretly working for Labour Party Candidate , His Excellency, Governor Peter Obi. This was the submission of the Labour Party member in Katsina State, Honourable Ibrahim Abu Musawa . According to him, “Labour party is the wind that is blowing now, it will be greater than the wind that blew in 2015 when President Muhammadu Buhari got into power. “It is a stronger, bigger and greater reflection of that wind.  It’s a revolution that will change our political landscape. “l believe the general election is going to be for Labour party because Labour party decided to produce the most competent person among all the presidential candidates who happen to be a younger and very sincere person. Somebody that is not an ethnic bigot. He said it has become quite clear that “a president coming from our state did not stop people from being killed. So many Katsina citizens or natives of the state enter and sleep in their farms when it is 7pm and in the next morning they will come out to their families. So we don’t pray that such government should continue.“We want a change that is a real change, that is change in nature, not change from one party to another, not change in words only. Change that will connive and betray people just to make yourself and your family happy. We don’t pray that such a change should come around again. “That is why we are fully in support of Obi. It is not just us but even the APC and the whole political parties underground they are working for labour party not only in Katsina but in the entire part of the North. •Peter Obi (left) and Rabiu Kwankwaso ABUJA - The much-talked about mega party that will have the capacity to face the two behemoths – Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the All Progressives Congress (APC) – may be a reality in the 2023 elections going by the revelations of the former… In "Top Stories" •Peter Obi In the last few days, the social media space has been abuzz with the name of former Governor of Anambra State, Peter Obi on the lips of many Nigerians, majority of whom are youths below 30 years. The trend became noticeable after most political parties picked their presidential… In "Opinion" .... Ex-VP, PDP fear regional divisions in S’East, North may work for APC candidate .....Former Lagos gov moves to douse Muslim-Muslim ticket tension Abuja - The leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party and its presidential candidate for the 2023 election, Atiku Abubakar, are mulling over the option of engaging the… In "Top Stories"