By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The name of the man the mantle of running mate to Peter Obi may fall on isDR Yunusa SalisuTanko from Kura Local Government in Kano State.He was before his nomination as Vice Presidential Candidate to Bashorun Dele Momodu under the National Conscience Party (NCP) in 2011, the National Secretary of the Party. Dr. Tanko was one of the children of Mallam Labaran and Aisatu Yunusa had his primary school education at the Army Children School, Ikeja, Lagos between 1974 and 1981 and proceeded to Ikeja Grammar School, Lagos where he completed his secondary school education in 1985. Dr. Tanko holds a higher national diploma (HND) in Marketing from Kaduna Polytechnic now University of Technology, Kaduna in 1992 and bagged a Post-Graduate Diploma in Co-operative Studies from the same institution in 1994.In 2006, he obtained a second HND degree in Accounting from Nuhu Bamali Polytechnic, Zaria which followed with a Post-Graduate Diploma in Management from the Ahmadu Bello University (ABU), Zaria as well as an MBA from the same institution. In 2010, Tanko, a practising muslim, was bestowed with an Honorary Doctorate Degree of Leadership and Management from the Universal Christian Academy (UNICA) – a representative of Cambridge Advanced Technology Training in Affiliation with the University of London, United Kingdom. A Chartered Accountant, Dr Tanko became a member of the Association of National Accountants of Nigeria (ANAN), 2008 and the Institute of Cost and Management Accountant (ICMA) 2006. His working experience traversed civil service, politics and civil society. He has served in various capacities as Head of Accounts, National Population Commission, Kaduna, 1993-2000; Head of Revenue, Nigerian Immigration Service, Kano, 2000-2002 and Head of Finance, Team Nigeria Trust Fund Limited, FCT, Abuja, 2002. For ten years, Dr. Tanko was Deputy National Chairman to Late Chief Gani Fawehinmi’s (SAN) mindwifed National Conscience Party, (NCP) In 2007, he was appointed Secretary to the Coalition for a New Nigeria (CNN) – the Charles Nwodo led conglomerate of Nigerian political parties that gave General Muhammadu Buhari his first ticket in 2007 before he secured a presidential ticket from the All Nigeria People’s Party (ANPP). Since 2009, Dr.Tanko has been Secretary of the Inter Party Advisory Council (IPAC) of all political parties in Nigeria led by Prof. G Nnaji of BNPP. In 2003, he served as the Assistant Secretary of the Conference of Nigerian Political Parties (CNPP) whose chairman was Alhaji Balarabe Musa. In 2007, he was running mate to NCP’s presidential candidate Dr. Osagie Obayuwana. He was the Assistant Secretary to Dr. Usman Bugaje under the Tunji Braithwaithe led Nigerians United for Democracy from 2007. With a rich background in social activism, Dr. Yunusa Tanko was a Secretariat Member of the Pastor Tunde Bakare led Save Nigeria Group (SNG) and played a very prominent role as Field Marshal of the popular Save Nigeria Group (SNG) protest to the National Assembly in 2010 and Presidential  vila. Dr. Yunusa Tanko is a recipient of the chieftaincy title – the Nwanne Ike Di Na Mba 1 of all Ndigbos in diaspora. He was elected on 8th July 2012 as the New National Chairman of NCP in Osun State and re elected in Akure Ondo State national congresses of the party. Dr Tanko was also elected two term chairman of the Interparty Advisory Council (IPAC) on April 11th, 2013 to 2014. Currently a Student of M.Phil / Phd in management at the Ahmadu Bello University (ABU) Zaria. The young human right activist was equally a member of the National Peace Committee (NPC) which contributed heavily to 2015 credible , peaceful , free and fair Election , led by former Head of State General Abdul salami Abubakar rtd. He is currently a consultant with Westminster foundation for Democracy (WFD). president Centre for Rehabilitation and Reintegration in Africa in defense of the Amajiris in Africa. A highly detribalised Nigerian, Dr Tanko has contributed immensely to the promotion of peace in his state, kano and Nigeria in General. He is well known his defence of democracy and peaceful coexistence in Nigeria. He recently lead a group of eminent Nigerians from ondo state to visit the Emir of kano Mai Martaba Alhaji Aminu Ado Bayero in his palace on the 15th of March 2022. Dr Tanko who is just 51 years old will not only fit in as the bridge between the youths and the old but has proven by his track records that he is truly a patriotic Nigerian and a democrat. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Facts have emerged that the Labour Party Candidate and the former Governor of Anambra State Mr Peter Obi may have shifted attention to the National Conscience Party, (NCP) Chairman and spokesperson for the Third Force, Dr Yunusa Tanko. The move according to a… In "Top Stories" By ADEYEMI ADELEYE Dr Tanko Yakasai, Elder Statesman LAGOS- Alhaji Tanko Yakasai, an elder statesman and founding member of  the Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF),  says the emergence of Sen. Bola Tinubu as APC presidential candidate signifies important political development for Nigeria. Yakasai, also a human rights activist and member of… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The National Chairman of the Nigerian Conscience Party (NCP) and the former Presidential Candidate of the Party in 2019 general election, Dr Yunusa Salisu Tanko has declared his support for a southern president to succeed president Muhammad Buhari come 2023. Dr Tank who… In "Politics"