By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Director-General,  He described the gruesome massacre of the defenseless faithful as disheartening, despicable and barbaric, noting that such heinous crime is a smear on the serenity, sacredness and dignity of humanity as well as an affront to the territorial integrity of the Nigerian state. The Director-General of the Institute, Dr. Bakut Bakut, further noted that a nation only strives and develops when citizens avoid act of criminality and stay together in peace and harmony. He calls on Nigerians to be accommodating, tolerant and receptive to one another as well as shun vices that are inimical to peace and antithetical to development. The Director-General admonished that as a nation, we should let unity and oneness define us, noting that clear cut ideas that bring development are incubated in a peaceful environment. The Institute appealed to those perpetrating all manner of violence and criminality in the country and in a way, sabotaging the efforts of the Federal Government, to desist and give peace a chance given that Nigeria is the only country we can call our own. We should treasure our country as a common heritage for the present and the generation to come. The Director-General commended the security agencies especially the Armed Forces and Police who are the frontline agencies for their commitment and gallantry in maintaining peace and order. He charges them to deploy all necessary machineries in making sure that the perpetrators of St. Patrick Catholic Church Massacre are apprehended and face the full wrath of the law. Dr. Bakut commiserated with the families of the victims of the unfortunate attack, the Catholic Church, the government as well as the people of Ondo State. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Director-General, Institute for Peace and Conflict Resolution (IPCR), Dr. Bakut Bakut, has condemns the killing of Deborah Samuel, a student of College of Education, Sokoto, on Thursday 12 May, 2022 over alleged blasphemous statement against the Holy Prophet Mohammed (PBUH). Bakut called… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Institute for Peace and Conflict Resolution (IPCR) has called on Nigerians to pray for peace and stability as Nigeria joins the rest of the world in celebrating this year workers' day and Id el Fitr celebration. The Apex peace organisation has also… In "Top Stories" By DORCAS ELUSOGBON Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi Ojaja II ILE-IFE (OSUN )- The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, Ojaja II, has condemned the gruesome massacre of worshippers at St. Francis Catholic Church, Owa-luwa, Owo, Ondo State on Sunday, warning that Yoruba people have the capacity to defend themselves even though… In "News"