By ISHAQ ZAKI GUSAU- The Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Zamfara, Alhaji Tukur Danfulani, has lauded Gov. Bello Matawalle for promoting good governance and youth inclusion in governance and politics.Danfulani gave the commendation while speaking to newsmen in Gusau on Tuesday.The party chairman noted that Matawalle-led administration in the state from 2019 to date have initiated various development projects.Danfulani said the projects include the ongoing Cargo Airport Construction, road projects and total rehabilitation of the Gusau government house.“We are all aware of the construction of Primary Health Care Centres in the 147 political wards across the 14 local government areas of the state.“The project has provided improved primary health care to our people at the grassroots. They noe have access to comprehensive health care system”, the APC chairman added.Danfulani also commended Matawalle for his giant intervention in addressing the security challenges in the state.“You know, Matawalle immediately after his assumption in office as Zamfara governor initiated the peace dialogue with bandits which led the drastic reduction in the security challenges in our communities.“Attacks on our communities have now reduced. Infact, I can say that Matawalle’s administration have achieved 70 to 80 per cent success in addressing the security challenges in the state”, he added.He also commended Matawalle for appointing youths into various critical positions in his administration. (NAN) By HABIBU HARISU •Governor Bello Matawalle Sokoto- Gov. Bello Matawalle of Zamfara has called on leaders and supporters of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the to put their house in order so that the party can retain power in 2023.Matawalle made the call during an interview with newsmen on… In "Politics" The Zamfara chapter of All Progressives Congress (APC) has commended social media users for showcasing the Gov. Bello Matawalle-led administration’s efforts at promoting peace and stability in the state. APC Chairman in the state, Alhaji Tukur Danfulani, gave the commendation at the close of a two-day seminar and award presentation, organised… In "News" By ANGELA ATABO Senator Bola Tinubu, Governor Yahaya Bello ABUJA- Sen. Bola Tinubu, the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, on Friday commended Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi, for mobilising the consciousness of youths during his campaign. Tinubu stated this when he visited Gov Bello in Abuja, barely… In "Politics"