ABUJA – Dr Agbo Major, National Publicity Secretary of the New Nigerian Peoples Party (NNPP), has given an update on the alliance talks between their party and the Labour Party (LP). In an interview with Daily Trust, Agbo said discussions are progressing smoothly and he wouldn’t want to speculate. He, however, said Kwankwaso or Obi could accept being each other’s deputy. He added: “By the time we are done with the discussions, Nigerians will be happy, whichever way it turns out to be.” Meanwhile, the former governor of Kano State and presidential candidate of the New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP), Senator Rabiu Kwankwaso, Saturday, confirmed that his party is in talks with Labour Party and its presidential candidate, Peter Obi for possibility of forming a coalition. Kwankwaso made this know in an interview with BBC Hausa Service on Saturday. He said: “We are really talking to Peter Obi, or at least saying that the committee is working to look into the matter (and cooperate with him), and friends and family are coming to talk to us about it.” Since Obi and Kwankwaso declared their political interests, they have both received a large following in the major parts of the country. Obi had recently defected from the PDP and joined the Labour Party and has endeared himself to large youth following in the southern part of the country. •Peter Obi (left) and Rabiu Kwankwaso ABUJA - The much-talked about mega party that will have the capacity to face the two behemoths – Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the All Progressives Congress (APC) – may be a reality in the 2023 elections going by the revelations of the former… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Presidential candidate of Labour Party (LP), Peter Obi has returned to Nigeria on Saturday, after a three-day trip to Egypt. Obi’s arrival was announced on a popular microblogging site, Twitter. A social activist, who identifies as @Comradephils tweeted, “Leader of the new Nigeria, @peterobi arrives at… In "Top Stories" By EMMANUEL OLONIRUHA Former President Goodluck Jonathan ABUJA- Former President Goodluck Jonathan has congratulated Atiku Abubakar of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Peter Obi of the Labour Party (LP), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu of the All Progressives Congress for emerging as 2023 presidential candidates of their parties.Jonathan, in a statement issued by… In "Politics"