ABUJA – Baring last minute changes, there are indications that Prof Attahiru Jega, former chairman of Independent National Electoral (INEC), may emerge the vice presidential candidate of Labour Party.Sources within Labour Party confided in Sundiata Post that Peter Obi, the presidential candidate of Labour Party, has firmed up arrangement to have Jega, who is also a former president of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) as his running mate.In his recent speeches Obi has been lamenting the plight of university lecturers and Nigerian students who have been at home for several months since ASUU declared its current strike.Labour Party is expected to make a formal announcement soon to beat INEC deadline on the nomination and submission of names of vice presidential candidates of political parties for the 2023 elections. The deadline is today, Friday, 17 June 2022. Born on 11 January 1957, Attahiru Jega is also a  former Vice-Chancellor of Bayero University, Kano. On 8 June 2010, he was nominated by then President Goodluck Jonathan as the new Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), as a replacement for Professor Maurice Iwu, who vacated the post on 28 April 2010.Jega was the only INEC chairman to oversee two Nigerian General Elections (2011 and 2015). Jega retired on 30 June 2015. Dr Doyin Okupe ABUJA - Labour Party has submitted Doyin Okupe's name as running mate to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC).Sundiata Post learnt that Okupe’s name was submitted to beat the June 17 deadline given by INEC to political parties. The Labour Party has submitted the name of Doyin… In "Top Stories" Peter Obi ENUGU - The Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry Enugu, Nigeria, AMEN, Fr Ejike Mbaka has said that the presidential candidate of Labour Party, LP, Mr Peter Obi would never become the next President of Nigeria. The fiery Priest who made this known at the Adoration ground said that… In "Politics" By EHIGIMETOR IGBAUGBA Mr Peter Obi CALABAR- Chief Baron Eyo, Chairman, Labour Party (LP) in Cross River says Peter Obi, its presidential candidate remains the only candidate to bring about the “impossible’’ change Nigerians yearn. Speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Calabar on Tuesday, he dismissed the… In "Politics"