ABUJA – Justice Ibrahim Tanko Muhammad has resigned as the Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN). He reportedly tendered his resignation in a letter to President Muhammadu… Justice Ibrahim Tanko Muhammad has resigned as the Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN). He reportedly tendered his resignation in a letter to President Muhammadu Buhari. The development comes amid the corruption allegations some Supreme Court judges levelled against him. In a protest memo signed by 14 Supreme Court judges, Muhammad was accused of not giving justices their legitimate entitlements. The justices said their annual foreign training, meant to enhance capacity building for the country’s judicial process, had been blocked by Muhammad. The main issues put forward by the justices in their letter through a welfare committee were; non-replacement of poor vehicles; accommodation problem; lack of drugs at the Supreme Court clinic; epileptic electricity supply to the Supreme Court; increase in electricity tariff; no increase in the allowances for diesel; lack of internet services to residences and chambers. The CJN had replied the judges, giving a breakdown of the expenses that the nation’s apex court made under him. However, a source close to Muhammad said he resigned his appointment on health grounds. He is reported to be enduring a torrid battle with dementia and heart disease complications. The source also revealed that arrangements are ongoing to swear in the next most senior justice of the Supreme Court, Justice Olukayode Ariwoola as the acting Chief Justice of Nigeria. It would be recalled that Muhammad was appointed on 22 March 2019. (Daily Trust & New Diplomat) Justice Tanko Muhammad, Chief Justice of Nigeria Recently, in an unprecedented manner in the 58-year history of the Supreme Court of Nigeria, all the 14 serving Justices of the Supreme Court protested their horrific welfare and deplorable conditions of service to the Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN). In a world… In "Opinion" Tanko Muhammad, Chief Justice of Nigeria When I first read the news in People’s Gazette through a link forwarded to me by a friend, I prayed that it would not be true. My prayer was in spite of the evidence to the contrary provided in watermarked documents by the news… In "Column - Thursday" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Following the rift between the Chief Justice of Nigeria, Ibrahim Muhammad, and 14 Supreme Court Justices over welfare and administrative issues, the Body of Benchers has set up a seven-man committee to look into the matter. The Chairman, Body of Benchers, Wole Olaonipekun, a Senior Advocate… In "Top Stories"