By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – As the five -day Ejike Ugboaja FC scouting programme ended in Abuja over the weekend, 33 young Nigerian players have been selected by the Scouts to earn professional contracts from their respective clubs in Europe. The 33 players with 19 from Ejike Ugboaja FC were selected after a five-day intensive screening programme which attracted five European Scouts. The players selected after the five-day programme include; Gabriel Abu Gaiya (EUFC) , Philip Segun, (EUFC) Eke Victor Elvis, (EUFC) Joseph Lelachukwu, (EUFC) Joel Ezra (EUFC) Ibrahim Hussaini,.(EUFC) , Shauibu Garba (EUFC) and Yusuf Dami Ola (EUFC). Others are, Chukwuemeka Damian (EUFC), Mohammad Abduhali (EUFC), Simon Omon. (EUFC), Fortuna Ogbonna (EUFC),Lukman Abdulhameed (Morientex FC Kaduna), Stephen Osuimori (Global Football Academy Zaria), Yakubu Kenneth (EUFC), Gideon Emmanuel (EUFC), Emmanuel Malachi (EUFC), Obere Emmanuel (Ejele Football Academy, Delta State), Benson Richmond (Ejele Football Academy, Delta State) among others. Announcing the names of the successful players on Tuesday in Abuja the Chairman of Ejike Ugboaja FC, the organisers of the programme, Christopher Ejike Ugboaja congratulated the players who made the list and also showered praises on the rest of the players who participated in the programme and assured them that in the subsequent scouting programmes of Ejike Ugboaja FC most of them will be selected having put on their best performance in this first edition. “In Scouting programmes not all the players will make the list , in this one , I saw the enthusiasm for you all to make it. There are still potential skills in some of you, which I believe with further training you will all go places”.“I want to urge you all not to be discouraged if you do not make the list, do not give up, keep training to make it in another talent hunt exercise” However, Ugboaja thanked the scouts for honoring his invitation for the exercise, saying that they did a very thorough job by handling scouting that involved about 500 players from 28 team under four days.“For the scouts from Europe, I am excited and very grateful for professional exhibitions of handling about 500 players from 28 teams under one week. It’s amazing” Meanwhile, one of the scouts Mr. Queirolo Fillipo from Italy, admitted that “Nigeria has a lots of potential talents with impressive football skills.” By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Federal Capital City, Abuja will from Sunday, June 5, 2022 host about 28 teams from across the country at the Goal Project, Parkage B, MKO Abiola National Stadium as Ejike Ugboaja FC is organising a-5-day scouting program. The program will feature about… In "Sports" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A rising football club in Nigeria, Ejike Ugboaja FC will on Thursday, February 24, 2022 commences a four days open screening for players between the ages of 16-20. The screening will offer the players the opportunity to showcase their God’s giving talents so… In "Sports" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - As part of their efforts to giving back to the society, the players and management of Ejike Ugboaja Football Club of Abuja on Friday embarked on a community service of cleaning Wuse market. They also donate money/provisions to the less privileges. The exercise… In "Sports"