By BRIDGET IKYADO ABUJA- The Synod, Church of Nigeria, Anglican Communion said it would continue to pray for the unity, peace and progress of the country. This is contained in a communique issued on Wednesday at the end of the third session of the eleventh Synod of the diocese of Abuja. The communique was co-signed by Most Rev. Henry Ndukuba, the Primate and President of the Synod and Secretary, Joshua Lambert. They called on political leaders to foster unity across the country and deliver on their electioneering promises towards national rebirth. The Synod advised those aggrieved after the just concluded primaries of political parties not to resort to violence or promote disunity and disharmony, but seek for redress in courts. The Synod urged all eligible Nigerians to take obtain their Permanent Voters Card in order to participate in the forthcoming general elections. They also advised voters to go out enmass without fear of intimidation and elect leaders of their choice during the elections. It urged security agencies, faith-based organisations and all stakeholders to provide the necessary oversight, to ensure peaceful elections. The Synod commended President Mohammadu Buhari for signing the 2022 amended Electoral Act and charged INEC to ensure a smooth, free and fair electoral process. It said that the meeting with the theme: “The Bind of Peace:The inner structure of the life of the church”, examined the importance of exerting all powers to make a resolute determination to maintain oneness in Christ. It said that the Church would strive to unify people of every tribe and races, and encourage people to embrace tolerance, equity, selflessness and fairness. They said that love was the perfect bond that encouraged team work to ensure proper nurturing, mentoring, discipleship and evangelism, for the growth of the nation. The synod said as they pray, government should find lasting solutions to issues bordering on education, insecurity, power sector, brain-drain, governance and health challenges. They said tackling such issues was fundamental for a united and prosperous nation. It condemned domestic violence and called on relevant religious and socio-cultural institutions to inculcate family virtues of love, tolerance and unity in homes and communities. The Synod urged government to carry out thorough investigations on recent attacks, hold perpetrators accountable and ensure justice to the victims. It said that justice brings about healing in the society. The church commended government at various levels for cushioning the effect of unemployment by providing various skills acquisition programmes. They also noted with concern the dwindling economic situation in the country which has given rise to increase in commodities and borrowing to fund that national budget. The Synod advised government at all levels to review their economic policies along side current realities. They advised government to diversify the economy by expanding opportunities in agriculture and solid minerals sectors, in order to alleviate the hardships faced by the citizenry. A total of 345 delegates participated in the event.(NAN) GOMBE - The Anglican Communion, Gombe Diocese, has urged the Federal Government and the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to urgently address the issues of stolen and unreleased voter cards ahead of the 2015 general elections. This is contained in a 16-point communique issued after the third session of the… In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has congratulated the Most Rev. Henry Ndukuba on his election as the Primate-elect of the Church of Nigeria (Anglican Communion) by the Episcopal Synod of the Church. The President’s congratulatory message is conveyed via a statement by his Special Adviser on Media… In "News" ABUJA - The Primate, Church of Nigeria (Anglican Communion), The Most Rev. Nicholas Okoh, said on Friday that the church would collaborate with the government to work for the progress of Nigeria. Okoh said this in his address known as the Bishop's Charge, at the formal opening ceremony of the… In "News"