ABUJA – Godwin Obaseki,  Governor of Edo State, has noted that Nigerians are no longer interested in the two top political parties in the country – Peoples Democratic Party and the All Progressives Party – and are in search of an alternative. Obaseki while speaking in an interview with African Independent Television on the just concluded Ekiti State governorship election, further revealed that the future of politics in the country was changing. In a video snippet posted on the verified Instagram page of the media mogul, Dele Momodu, the Edo governor said, “How can PDP, the party; not win? They were not even number two. So, you can see that something is going on and we do not want this to be a trend. The future of our politics in this country is changing.“I do not know whether you are closely watching what is going on; the level of disenchantment within the parties. I am sure in all of our homes now, we have so many people now who call themselves ‘Obidients’. “I don’t know whether you have them in your house. Just ask them, ‘which party are you?’, they say ‘Obidients’; you understand. They do not want us; they are not talking about PDP or APC. They are looking for alternatives and they are many. You see all of them queuing for their PVCs now. They are not looking at the direction of PDP or APC now. They are looking for alternatives. “If we do not curb this, if we do not make our party attractive, I do not know what will happen in the next elections.” Also commenting on the Ekiti election, a chieftain of the party, Tom Ikimi, stated that the party was defeated because of the activities of a former governor of the state, Ayodele Fayose. Ikimi said, “I am not afraid to say that our problem in Ekiti has been caused by the activities of our past governor, Ayo Fayose. He ruined the place before he left office. He insisted on putting his candidate with all kinds of struggles, even though we persuaded him to do otherwise. “He ended up, on the election day, rolling on the floor and crying but that did not get us anywhere. Put that to rest; the build-up to the choice of the candidate in Ekiti was a big struggle. All kinds of meetings, peace interventions, until we had the heart to push away Segun Oni, who went to SDP that was not known here. The outcome is clear.” ‘Obidients’ ate followers and supporters of Peter Obi, presidential candidate of the Labour Party in the 2023 presidential election. By YINUSA ISHOLAAdo-Ekiti- Ekiti government on Tuesday described as laughable an allegation that Gov. Kayode Fayemi once asked that an election be rigged in his favour.Erstwhile National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, was on a national television on Monday where he made the allegation.Oshiomhole said:… In "Politics" The Edo State Governor, Mr Godwin Obaseki, at the weekend, said he has no plan of defecting from the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), urging anyone who is uncomfortable with his leadership of the party to leave. The governor, who stated that the party is now fully harmonized, stressed that the… In "News" By MONDAY AJOGUN Benin- Edo’s Gov. Godwin Obaseki on Friday in Benin blamed increasing rate of drug abuse in the state on the lingering Academic Staff Union of Universities’ (ASUU) strike.Reviewing the state’s security situation for the months of February, March and April, Gov. Obaseki said Edo recorded 19 drug… In "Education"