By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate, on Wednesday, adjourned plenary to enable it proceed on the Sallah break. The Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, accordingly, announced July 19, 2022, as resumption date. The Senate, before embarking on the three weeks recess, forwarded President Muhammadu Buhari’s request for the confirmation of Mohammed Bello as Chairman of the Revenue Mobilization Allocation and Fiscal Commission to the Committee on National Planning. It also passed the Federal Medical Centres (Establishment) Bill, 2022, after re-committal to the Committee of the Whole for consideration and passage. The Deputy Senate Leader, Ajayi Boroffice (APC, Ondo North), who sponsored the motion for re-committal, recalled that the bill was passed by the National Assembly and forwarded to President Buhari for assent. According to him, some fundamental issues which required fresh legislative action by both houses of the National Assembly emerged after critical analysis of the bill. He added that a Technical Committee of the Senate and House of Representatives and Directorate of Legal Services met and worked on the bill. The Senate, while relying on order 1(b) and order 52(6) of the Senate Standing Order, 2022 as amended, rescinded its decision on the bill as passed and re-committed same to the Committee of the Whole for re-consideration and passage. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has passed five bills from the House of Representatives for concurrence. The bills include Public Enterprises (Privatization and Commercialization) Act (Repeal & Enactment) Bill, 2022; and Orthopaedic Hospitals Management Board  Act (Amendment) Bill, 2022. Others are Chartered Institute of Social Work… In "Top Stories" …adjourns plenary till May 10 Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has passed a bill seeking to amend the Terrorism (Prevention) Act, 2013, and to prohibit the payment of ransom to kidnappers in Nigeria. The passage of the Terrorism (Prevention) Act 2013 (Amendment) Bill, 2022, followed the consideration of a report by… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has passed a bill to establish the Federal University of Technology, Auchi, Edo State.  The passage of the bill followed its re-commital to the Committee of the Whole on Tuesday.  The motion for re-commital was sponsored by Senator Yahaya Abdullahi (Kebbi… In "Top Stories"