Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Worshippers at the Adoration Ministry Enugu, have protested the Catholic authority’s sanction consequent upon Fr Ejike Mbaka’s attack on Peter Obi. On Sunday, they expressed their support for Mbaka, the Spiritual Director of the church. The supporters also called for the immediate removal of the Bishop of Enugu, Callistus Onaga. With leaves and placards, they chanted solidarity songs and repeatedly chorused “Onaga Must Go”. On Friday, Bishop Onaga announced a ban on activities at the Adoration Ground in Enugu. He said some of the teachings and utterances of Mbaka “are not consistent with the teachings and faith of the Catholic Church”. Mbaka drew the anger of his superiors after damning comments against Obi, a 2023 presidential hopeful. The former two-term Governor of Anambra State is the presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP). The cleric had declared that Obi cannot become the President of Nigeria because he is “stingy”. Following outrage, Mbaka, in a lengthy open letter, apologized to Obi and the Catholic Church for his outburst. Fr Ejike Mbaka and Mr. Peter Obi ENUGU - The Catholic Diocese of Enugu has distanced itself from what they described as unbecoming and divisive utterances of the spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry Enugu Nigeria, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka. Mbaka had during his Wednesday message lampooned the presidential candidate of… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Catholic Diocese of Enugu has indefinitely suspended the operation of Adoration Ministry officiated by Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka in Emene, Enugu. The pastoral injunction was contained in a statemnt issued by the Bishop of the Diocese, Most Rev Dr. Callistus Onaga, on… In "Top Stories" Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka Nigerians have come hard on a Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry Enugu, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, for describing Labour Party presidential candidate, Peter Obi, as a “stingy man”. While condemning his statement, Nigerians on micro-blogging site, Twitter, claimed that the cleric tagged the… In "News"