Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Ahead of the case coming up today before Justice Binta Nyako of a Federal High Court in Abuja, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu, has called on his supporters to “maintain absolute civility in their conduct, as has always been demonstrated.” The IPOB leader, who is standing trial over alleged terrorism, also said he was fully prepared for the court appearance as he was in good spirits. Kanu’s lawyer and leader of his legal team, Ifeanyi Ejiofor, disclosed these in a statement issued on Monday after a routine visit to his client in the headquarters of the Department of State Services. He wrote, “We conducted our routine court-ordered visit to our indefatigable client – Onyendu Mazi Nnamdi Kanu at the DSS headquarters. Today’s visit was unique because it was basically to harmonise the final legal strategy for tomorrow’s outing. Onyendu is fully prepared for his court appearance tomorrow, and he is in good spirits. We are confident that justice will be done tomorrow too. “Onyendu thanked millions of his supporters and Umuchineke for standing shoulder to shoulder with him thus far. However, Onyendu is particularly worried over the continued incarceration of Mrs. Ukamaka Ejezie (Mama Biafra), whose only offence was daring to be in Abuja in solidarity with him. “The legal team is aggressively exploring all permissible legal frameworks to ensure Mama Biafra’s release. As you may be aware, the court has fixed July 20, 2022, for definite hearing of the application we filed for her release. “May we respectfully use this medium to appeal to Onyendu’s followers, supporters and well-wishers, who intend coming to court tomorrow in solidarity with Onyendu to please maintain absolute civility in their conduct, as have always demonstrated.” Punch An update concerning Nnamdi Kanu's state of health has been provided by his counsel, Ifeanyi Ejiofor. Ejiofor said the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Kanu is very much alive and still being detained in the facility of the Department of State Services, DSS. In a statement… In "News" The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu is optimistic of victory as he would appear before Justice Binta Nyako of a Federal High Court in Abuja next week, his lawyer, Ifeanyi Ejiofor has said. Ejiofor said this in a statement he issued on Friday morning after… In "News" After many weeks of conjectures and permutations, the lead counsel for the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Ifeanyi Ejiofor, on Tuesday, unveiled Chief Mike Ozekhome (SAN) as the leader of the defence counsel for Nnamdi Kanu whose trial commences today before Justice Binta Nyako of a Federal High… In "News"