By ANGELA ATABO ABUJA- Prof. Peter Umeadi, a former Chief Justice of Anambra,  on Wednesday  emerged as the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) in the 2023 polls. Umeadi, who was unopposed became APGA’s  presidential candidate at the party’s  convention in Abuja which was attended by its leaders and members from the nation six geo-political zones. The News Agency of Nigeria  (NAN) reports that the party delegates affirmed his candidacy by a voice vote. APGA National Chairman, Dr Victor Oye, who expressed optimism that Umeadi would be sworn in as President in  2023, said that the party would also produce more than 30 senators. Oye said that APGA would take Nigeria by storm, adding that Umeadi having served in the judiciary for 35 years was well equipped and was the candidate to beat in the presidential election. “APGA is a realistic party; we do not build castles in the air. The emergence of Umeadi shows that APGA is united and would spring surprises by being elected president by Nigerians in 2023. “We are here to do the needful, APGA does not believe in imposition, we gave everybody a level playing field to come and purchase form. “At the end of the whole process our brother former Chife Judge of Anambra, a life changer, a man of irrepressible character, a man who has shown capacity in many ways intellectually and otherwise is today being presented to all of us for affirmation as our candidate, ” he said. Oye reiterated that there was no crisis in AGPA, pointing out that no faction existed because his leadership was the one INEC recognised. In his acceptance speech, Umeadi said that he was stepping out with the triple banner of rule of law, separation of power and due process,  if elected. He also promised to make Nigeria a great country which every Nigerian would be proud of. “Our triple banner should form the structure for a new Nigeria which an APGA government at the centre under my watch would bring about. “Uppermost in my mind is how to reconcile Nigerians across the length and breadth of our dear country. “In a new political culture,  I undertake to galvanise the old, young, rich, poor, literate or not, from different religious persuasions and from all six geopolitical zones, to deliver a new Nigeria where justice would reign for all citizens equally, irrespective of tribe or status. “Our next task as a political party is to secure votes at the polls from the majority of Nigerians. We would work hard to secure as many legislative seats as possible across the country. Nigerians should respect the ballots, “he said. Umeadi urged Nigerians  to allow only valid votes to count and should in the most vocal manner possible enforce the extant laws such that no person who is palpably below the age of 18 years should be allowed to vote. He expressed worry that Nigerians were traumatised daily by wanton killings, displacements, disorganisation of business and social life with attendant difficulty to sustain economic, commercial and domestic life. According to him, it is not possible for Nigeria to achieve economic, educational, scientific, sporting or sufficiency breakthrough when the citizens are hungry, insecure and unstable. “My solemn pledge is to develop Nigeria from within. “I would work assiduously for sound education, affordable health care, food on the table, security of life and property and ones ability to achieve their life ambitions in a setting presenting a level playing field and pre-determined standards.” Umeadi also pledged to remove personal interest in its entirety in the course of performing his official duties,  if elected. “We expect to usher in patriotism, collective reconstruction of our economy, uplifting of all segments of our society, promoting probity, accountability and dedication in our public and private lives,” he said. NAN reports that also in attendance were a former Minister of Information, Frank Nweke Jr, who emerged the APGA governorship candidate for Enugu State, and a former Senate Minority Leader, Enyinayya Abaribe, who recently defected from the PDP. (NAN) By ALEX ENEBELI Enugu- The apex socio-political organisation in the Southeast, the Ohaneze Ndigbo, declared on Thursday that no politician of Southeast extraction should accept to be running mate to any presidential candidate in 2023. •Prof. George Obiozor President-General of Ohaneze Ndigbo, Prof. George Obiozor made the declaration at the… In "Politics" By EMMANUEL ACHA/BENSON EZEUGWU Chief Ike Ekweremadu ENUGU- Former Deputy President of the Senate, Chief Ike Ekweremadu has announced his withdrawal from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) gubernatorial primaries. The Director-General, Ikeoha Campaign Organisation, Mr Charles Asogwa, disclosed this in a statement on Wednesday in Enugu. Recall that the PDP… In "Politics" By TAIYE AGBAJE •Prize Aluko ABUJA- An Abuja-based clergyman, Prize Aluko has advised all the presidential aspirants in the All Progressives Congress (APC) to step down for former President Goodluck Jonathan ahead of the forthcoming primary.Aluko, the senior pastor of the Resurrected Assembly, an arm of Glorious Outreach Ministry (GROM), stated… In "Politics"