By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – An Igbo Chieftain in Jos, Dr. Faith Onyema has taken a swipe at politicians who taunt the Labour Party 2023 Presidential candidate, Mr. Peter Obi for not having political structure across Nigeria. Onyema who is the Igbo leader in Jos South, Plateau State said the humongous number of youths across the country, clamoring for Peter Obi’s presidential election is enough structure for the Labour Party to win the election. Recall that Obi who was a former governor of Anambra State, defected from the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), days before the party’s presidential primary election to the Labour Party, when it became clear that the election was going to be highly monetised. However, Onyema noted that the clamour for Obi by Nigerian youths is as a result of the failure of governance by both present and previous governments who has left the future of the Nigerian youth as bleak. He said the monetisation of both the ruling APC and the PDP primaries also shows how desperate corrupt politicians can get for the quest of power. Speaking with our correspondent in Jos at the weekend, Onyema however explained that when people are tired of suffering they will form a structure for the right person to win the election. According to him: “When politicians are talking of structure, is it not human beings that are the structure? When you have representatives in all the States to defend your vote, is it not a structure? “Because of Peter Obi, Labour Party is waxing strong everywhere and some politicians are even considering resigning from their parties to join the Labour Party”, Onyema said. By IKENNA OSUOHA ABUJA- Chief Ugochukwu Nnam, National Coordinator, Initiative for Leadership Development and Change (ILDC) on Wednesday urged Mr Peter Obi to use his expertise to reset the nation’s economy if he wins the 2023 Presidential Elections Obi was recently elected the Labour Party flag bearer in next year’s… In "News" By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A Jos business man and manufacturer of Diamond Paint, Chief Jonah Ezekwueme has revealed why his children and thousands of youths want the former governor of Anambra State, Mr. Peter Obi to be President. Ezekwueme, who was also the former President General of… In "Top Stories" By Chijioke Kingsley Ahead of the 2023 governorship election in Plateau State, the Director-General of the Labour Party (LP), governorship Candidate Campaign Organization, Comrade Solomon Ndam, has said the party will shock Plateau just like ruling All Progressive Congress APC did in 2019. Ndam said the emergence of Amb. Yohana… In "Top Stories"