By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate has received a formal request from President Muhammadu Buhari, to confirm Mohammed Bello Shehu as Chairman of the Revenue Mobilisation Allocation and Fiscal Commission. The request was contained in a letter read by the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, at plenary on Wednesday. The letter reads, “In accordance with the provision of Section 154 (1) of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria as amended, I am pleased to forward for confirmation by the Senate, the appointment of Mohammed Bello Shehu, as the Chairman of the Revenue Mobilisation Allocation and Fiscal Commission. “His CV is attached herewith. “It is my hope that the Senate will consider and confirm the nominee in the usual expeditious manner.” In a related development, the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, on Wednesday, forwarded President Buhari’s request to confirm the nomination of Joe Aniku Michael Ohiani for appointment as Substantive Director-General/CEO for the Infrastructure Concession Regulatory Commission (ICRC) to the Committee on Works. Also forwarded was the President’s request for the confirmation of Umar Yahaya as Co-Chairman of the Governing Council of Unclaimed Funds to the Committee on Banking, Insurance and Other Financial Institutions. Both nominees are expected to appear before the relevant Committees for screening. The respective Committees were given two weeks to report back to the Senate in plenary. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has received a request from President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm the appointment of five Commissioners to fill vacancies at the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC).  The request which was contained in a letter dated September 28, 2021,… In "Top Stories" He also urged the Upper Chamber to confirm another nominee for appointment as a Federal Commissioner of the Revenue Mobilization, Allocation and Fiscal Commission (RMAFC). The President’s requests were contained in two separate letters read by Senate President Ahmad Lawan on the floor at plenary. President Buhari in one of… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate on Wednesday, confirmed the nominations of seven members of the Monetary Policy Committee of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN). The confirmation of the nominees followed the consideration of a report by the Committee on Banking, Insurance and Other Financial Institutions.… In "News"