By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Presidential flag-bearer of the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), has reacted to the reported collapse of the national grid, saying that it’s a metaphor for the collapsing state of all facets of our nation. The former Vice president said that the darkness that has enveloped the nation due to the collapsed national grid is the reflection of collapsing unity, collapsing security, collapsing economy, collapsing education, collapsing well-being and collapsing value of human life and dignity. Atiku who took to his twitter handle to disclose this, said his expectation is that Nigerians will collapse the ruling APC in kind via the ballot and enthrone a viable pathway for the New Nigeria of our dreams that will be united and stable, The tweets reads: The darkness that has enveloped the nation in the last couple of days with the collapse of the national grid is a metaphor for the collapsing state of our nation: collapsing unity, collapsing security, collapsing economy, collapsing education, collapsing well-being and collapsing value of human life and dignity. My expectation is that Nigerians will collapse the ruling APC in kind via the ballot and enthrone a viable pathway for the New Nigeria of our dreams that will be united and stable, prosperous and awash with opportunities; secured and inclusive. As One, we can get it done. -AA Abuja - Nigerians have taken to social media to lament the collapse of the national electricity grid which resulted in a blackout in the country. The PUNCH had reported that the national electricity grid collapsed again on Friday evening, making it the third time the grid had collapsed within the… In "Top Stories" Nigerians have called out President Muhammadu Buhari over the collapse of the national grid that has thrown many homes into darkness. This comes amid fuel scarcity, hike in diesel and fuel price alongside increase in aviation fares. Just in a matter of months, price of diesel increased to N700/N800 per… In "News" The Federal Government has informed Nigerians that it has restored the collapsed national grid. Recall that the grid collapsed on Tuesday. The announcement of the restoration was made by the Minister of Power, Abubakar Aliyu while speaking to State House correspondents after the Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting presided over… In "News"