By NAOMI SHARANG ABUJA- Mr Kola Abiola   has emerged the 2023  presidential candidate of the Peoples’ Redemption Party (PRP).He  won  against  Usman Bugaje, Patience Key and Col. Gboluga Mosugu (rtd) to pick the PRP ticket.Abiola, is the first child of  late  Chief M.KO Abiola, acclaimed winner of the June 12, 1993, annulled presidential election.While Abiola got 2,097 votes from across the 36 States including the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Bugaje came second with 813 votes while Key and Mosugu got 329 and 263 votes to emerge third and fourth, respectively. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that a total of 3,625 delegates were accredited with 3,519 valid votes and 141 invalid votesThe collation was witnessed by officials of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC),Speaking before the collation of the results, PRP National Chairman, Mr Falalu Bello, said the delegates from the 36 states and the FCT voted for the aspirants from their respective states.This, he said was with the permission from INEC to save cost.“We want to make the whole process nearer to the delegates. The delegates are in the states. So that is why we decided that the primary election   will take place in the 36 states and the FCT.“Definitely, having it in the states, rather than bringing them here, is more convenient for them.“We set up 37 committees headed by the nominees from the national executive committee in the states along with the state organising secretaries to conduct this exercise in the states,” Bello said.Bello further said  the aspirants had promised to support whoever emerged as the party’s candidate.He added that the party decided not to zone its presidential ticket to any of the six geo-political zones across the country but to look for a candidate who was capable, competent and enjoyed wide acceptability across the country. (NAN) By UCHENNA UGWUABAKALIKI- The Ebonyi Chapter of the People’s Redemption Party (PRP) has declared Mr Latifu Abiola  the winner of the  presidential primary election conducted in the state.Mr Victor Nnadiegwe, Chairman of the presidential primary poll of the party in Ebonyi made the declaration in the early hours of Monday, at… In "Politics" Abuja - The People’s Redemption Party (PRP) has re-elected Alhaji Falalu Bello as its National Chairman. Falalu was re-elected through consensus at the party’s national convention held on Saturday in Abuja. Others members of the party’s National Executive Committee (NEC) elected include National Secretary, Babatunde Alli; and National Treasurer, Dr… In "Top Stories" By MUHAMMAD NUR TIJANI KANO- A female presidential aspirant on the platform of the Peoples Redemption Party (PRP), Mrs Patience Ndidi- Key, on Wednesday visited Kano State to seek the support of delegates ahead of the presidential primary of the  (PRP).Key met with PRP leaders and delegates at Aminu Kano … In "Politics"