One of the victims of the last Sunday’s killings at the St. Francis Catholic Church in Owo, Ondo State, a nurse with the General Hospital, Owo, Mrs Attach Margret, has narrated how she lost both legs in the attack, Vanguard reports. Speaking with Vanguard at the Orthopedic and Trauma Department of the Federal Medical Centre, Owo, where she was rushed to on Sunday, she said: “My life is shattered. “My breath is failing, I can breath properly, God please help me. I’m getting tired, please nurse help me, don’t allow me to die.”She couldn’t speak further due to the pains. However, a source in the hospital said when the killers arrived the church and were shooting sporadically, while many of the worshippers scampered for safety, others ran to the altar. “The woman who lost both legs was hiding where the dynamite landed. “It was after the whole incident that those who were picking the corpse discovered that she was still alive. “They discovered that her both legs had been cut off and she was bleeding profusely. “She was rushed to FMC where she was attended to,” the narrator said. According to Vanguard, the 43-year-old mother of four is from Ile-Oluji in Ondo State. By MUFTAU OGUNYEMI AKURE- The Nigeria Governors Forum (NGF) has donated N50 million to victims of the attack on Sunday at the St. Francis Catholic Church, Owa-luwa Street, Owo Local Government Area of Ondo State.Chairman of the NGF and Ekiti State Governor, Dr John Kayode Fayemi, made the donation  when… In "News" •Sympathisers inside the church after the terrorist attack OWO - Reverend Father Andrew Abayomi, one of the priests at St Francis Catholic Church, Owa-luwa Street, Owo, Ondo State, has narrated how the church was attacked. Many worshippers were killed when terrorists bombed the church on Sunday morning. In an interview… In "Top Stories" By KEVIN OKUNZUWAA Governor Godwin Obaseki BENIN- Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo has condemned, in the strongest terms, the weekend’s attack on worshipers at St. Francis Catholic Church in Owo, Ondo State.The governor’s condemnation is contained in a statement by his Special Adviser on Media Project, Mr Crusoe Osagie on… In "News"