By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Rotary Club of Abuja Karu Housing Estate has built a multi-million naira Health Centre for its adopted community, Jikwoyi a suburb within Abuja Municipal Area Council. The Health Centre which is to be commissioned on Tuesday, June 21, 2022 by the Minister of State, Federal Capital Territory, (FCT) Hajiya Ramatu Aliyu was built and equipped at a cost of N15 million. The furniture and medical equipment including kits and drugs were provided by Right Honourable Peter Akpatason, the Deputy Leader of the House of Representatives. The Health Centre is just one of the several interventions of the six-year-old club intended to impact on the residents of the community said the president of the club, Rotarian Anita Dominic. A statement signed by Rotarian Titus Agbo, the Vice president and Publicity Chair of the club further quoted the president as saying that the project which was initiated by her predecessor, Rotarian Nimi Lawrence was projected for completion in five years “but we ended up complaining it in record time of twelve months. Rotarian Dominic further disclosed that the Rotary Club though has a current membership of 37 subscribers, the Health Centre was started when the membership was just 32.She praised the giving spirit of her members and the supports from sister clubs which according to her were the reason behind the early completion of the project. Rotarian Dominic who will be handling over to the leadership at the end of the month equally expressed appreciation to the Esu Jikwoyi His Royal Highness Bawa Jeta for all the support and cooperation during the construction of the project. •Esu of Gidan Gimba and Anne Uche Obi, President of the Rotary Club of Abuja CBD on Saturday at the monarch's Palace •From left: Rotarian Helen Bassey, Rotarian Nancy Nneka Ibekwe, Rotarian Salome Garba and Rotarian Jesse Yuan at the Palace of the Esu of Gidan Gimba during the outreach… In "Top Stories" •Late Dr. Mike Omotosho NEW YORK - The sun set on Saturday (today) on the phenomenal life of Dr. Mike Omotosho, founder of Sustainable Health Initiative (SHI). He reportedly died in New York of undisclosed illness. He was aged 52, having been born on 14 January 1970. A source close… In "News" Zelensky, President of Ukraine By ARNOLD R. GRAHL Rotary members in North America, Argentina, and Europe are collaborating with a U.S.-based association of Ukrainian health care workers and using their connections to collect and ship more than 100 tons of critical medical supplies to Ukraine. Two cargo planes packed with… In "Foreign"