By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Dr Peter Obi has replied his critics who alleged he lack of structure to win the 2023 general election. Obi who dismissed the claim listed his structures to include the 100 million Nigerians that live in poverty will be the structure; the 35 million Nigerians who don’t know where their next meal will come from; the elderly; our mothers, fathers, and the old ones dying or being owed gratuity/pension; elderly, our mothers, fathers, and the old ones dying or being owed gratuity/pension. He stated this in a series of tweets thus: “Whenever I hear of NO STRUCTURE, my answer to it is simple; the 100 million Nigerians that live in poverty will be the structure. The 35 million Nigerians who don’t know where their next meal will come from will be the structure. “The elderly, our mothers, fathers, and the old ones dying or being owed gratuity/pension will be the structure. ASUU; the lecturers that are being owed, and the students who are not in school will be the structure. “We’ll create the structure, and they’ll see what the structure is all about. The structure is about human beings. — PO. .... Ex-VP, PDP fear regional divisions in S’East, North may work for APC candidate .....Former Lagos gov moves to douse Muslim-Muslim ticket tension Abuja - The leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party and its presidential candidate for the 2023 election, Atiku Abubakar, are mulling over the option of engaging the… In "Top Stories" Abuja - State workers and pensioners on Sunday lamented they were carrying the burden of a cash crunch in the country with many state governments failing to ensure regular payment of salaries, gratuities and other entitlements. Labour leaders, who spoke separately with our correspondents in Ekiti, Benue, Ogun, Ondo, Rivers,… In "Top Stories" The former Governor of Anambra State and presidential aspirant under the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party, Peter Obi, has appealed that the South-East region of the country should be allowed to produce the next President of the country. Obi stated this during a meeting with the delegates and other… In "News"