By TAIYE OLAYEMI LAGOS- A group, Think Tinubu Movement, says the 2023 presidential cap fits Sen. Bola Tinubu.Its National Coordinator, Chief Sesan Afolorunikan, said this in a statement on Wednesday in Lagos, congratulating Tinubu on his emergence as the APC presidential flag bearer for the 2023 general elections.According to Afolorunikan, Tinubu’s emergence is a choice and the voice of the delegates and indeed Nigerians which prevailed at the poll.“It is crystal clear that Tinubu is the man the cap fits, it is evident on his track record that Tinubu is a man of the people, a unifier, national icon, detribalised, focused, nation builder, visionary strategist and above all, a lover of humanity.“With God on his side, our collective hard work and the will of the masses; we shall record another landslide victory in the forthcoming general elections in his distinguished honour as the next President and Commander In Chief of the Armed Forces, Federal Republic of Nigeria,” he said.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Tinubu clinched the APC’s presidential ticket, defeating 13 other aspirants at the end of the party’s national convention in Abuja. (NAN) By AKEEM ABAS Mr AKEEM Agbaje IBADAN- Mr Akeem Agbaje, an All Progressives Congress(APC) chieftain in Oyo State has felicitated with Sen. Bola  Tinubu on his emergence as the party’spresidential candidate. This is contained in a statement he personally signed and made available to newsmen on Friday in Ibadan. The… In "Politics" By ANGELA ATABO Senator Bola Tinubu, Governor Yahaya Bello ABUJA- Sen. Bola Tinubu, the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, on Friday commended Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi, for mobilising the consciousness of youths during his campaign. Tinubu stated this when he visited Gov Bello in Abuja, barely… In "Politics" By OLUWATOPE LAWANSON Senator Tokunbo Abiru LAGOS- Sen. Tokunbo Abiru (APC – Lagos East )  says the All Progressives Congress (APC) made the best decision in choosing Sen. Bola Tinubu as its  2023 Presidential Candidate.Abiru  who congratulated Tinubu, a former Lagos State governor  on his emergence,  also said that APC… In "Politics"