ABUJA – In a bid to beat the deadline by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for the submission of names for the 2023 general election, the Presidential Candidate of the All Progressive Congress (APC) Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has picked and submitted the name of Katsina State born Kabir Ibrahim Masari, a member of the Board of Trustees (BOT) of the party as his running mate. It was however gathered that the selection stands as an interim measure as Masari will be substituted on or before August when the substantive Vice Presidential Candidate of the party emerges from the ongoing rounds of consultations on the matter. The submission of the name of Masari is to beat the Friday June 17, 2022 deadline stipulated by INEC. Tinubu, had despite initial hurdles, on Wednesday, June 8, clinched the presidential ticket of the All Progressives Congress (APC) for the 2023 presidential election. 23 aspirants picked forms for the contest, while 22 participated. One of the aspirants, Emeka Nwajiuba, did not participate. (TheNiche) By CHIOMA UGBOMA APC Ghana Chairman, Oghenosa Micheletti LAGOS- The All Progressives Congress (APC), Ghana Chapter, has urged the party’s Presidential Candidate, Sen. Bola Tinubu to pick a female as his running mate.The Chairman of APC Ghana, Mr Oghenosa Micheletti, who made the appeal in a statement on Friday, recalled… In "Politics" By ISMAILA CHAFE ABUJA- Gov. Hope Uzodinma of Imo has advised Nigerians to shun religious politics and avoid fanning the embers of ethnicity ahead of the 2023 general elections.The governor gave the advice when he addressed State House correspondents after a closed door meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari in the… In "News" By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE ABUJA- The All Progressives Congress (APC) has adjusted its special convention for presidential primary earlier scheduled for May 29-30 to June 6-8.Mr Felix Morka, the party’s National Publicity Secretary, announced this in a statement on Saturday in Abuja.“This   follows the Independent National Electoral Commission’s extension of deadline… In "Politics"