Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Peter Obi, has said that the Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Father Ejike Mbaka, remains his priest and father in faith. Obi said this during an interview on the Voice of the People 90.3 FM on Sunday. Mbaka had said that the former Anambra State governor cannot win next year’s general election because he is “stingy”. While speaking during one of his programmes last Wednesday, the cleric maintained that it would be impossible for Obi to become Nigeria’s president, adding that an old man president is better than a ‘stingy young man’. Speaking on the radio station, Obi said, “For me, Father Mbaka is an ordained priest of God and as a priest, he remains my priest. I will always respect and show my allegiance to the church. “Whatever he says, I will take it because he’s my father in faith. I respect him and he’s my brother.” Mbaka had gone under heavy criticism from the comment, which led to a ban on his ministry from the Enugu Catholic Diocese. Reacting to the comment, Bianca Ojukwu, widow of the Biafran warlord, Chukwuemeka Odumegwu-Ojukwu, spoke on Obi’s ‘stinginess’ and how families benefited from it. Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka Nigerians have come hard on a Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry Enugu, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, for describing Labour Party presidential candidate, Peter Obi, as a “stingy man”. While condemning his statement, Nigerians on micro-blogging site, Twitter, claimed that the cleric tagged the… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Spiritual Director, Adoration Ministry Enugu, Nigeria, Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, on Friday, tendered a public apology to the presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Mr Peter Obi and his supporters over his utterances against his person. The Catholic Diocese of Enugu State had, shortly after… In "Top Stories" Peter Obi ENUGU - The Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry Enugu, Nigeria, AMEN, Fr Ejike Mbaka has said that the presidential candidate of Labour Party, LP, Mr Peter Obi would never become the next President of Nigeria. The fiery Priest who made this known at the Adoration ground said that… In "Politics"