By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – No matter the pressure from any quarter, the Open Grazing Prohibition Law of  Benue State Government will not be repealed. This was contained in a statement signed by the Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja on Sunday. According to the statement, Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom and People’s Democratic Party, PDP Governorship candidate in the State, Engr Titus Uba restated this commitment on Sunday, June 19th, 2022 during a Thanksgiving Mass/ Reception for PDP 2023 candidates held at St John’s Secondary School playground, Gboko. The Benue State Open Grazing Prohibition and Ranches Establishment Law was signed into law in 2017 by Governor Ortom. The Governor while commending Benue people for standing with his administration despite the challenges, urged them to remain strong, trusting God that the challenges will be surmounted. Governor Ortom expressed confidence in the capacity of the PDP Governorship candidate to add value to the state when elected to succeed him, noting that his acceptability among the people was a sign of victory. According to the Governor, the duo of Engineer Uba and Sir John Ngbede as running mate is a wonderful combination of an experienced technocrat and politician who will effectively drive the vision for the development of the State.He tasked Benue people to massively register for ongoing voter registration to obtain their Permanent Voter’s Card, PVC and be prepared to vote out the APC which he noted has brought unimaginable pains to the people. In his remarks, the PDP Governorship candidate who is also Speaker of the State Assembly, Engr Uba said his government would consolidate and build on the already solid foundation laid by Governor Ortom and would never repeal the Open Grazing Prohibition and Ranches Establishment Law no matter the pressure. He said the party has not made a mistake in giving him the opportunity to fly its flag in next year’s polls, stressing that Benue people will not be disappointed to offer him the opportunity to serve them. The guber candidate pledged to tackle insecurity to guarantee the safety of people to engage in profitable agriculture. In a goodwill message, Chairman, Forum of former PDP governorship aspirants, Barr Chile Igbawua maintained that they were fully committed to work for the victory of Engr Uba and all PDP candidates in next year’s general election. Senator Abba Moro who spoke on behalf of the PDP National and State Assembly candidates also expressed their readiness to work for the victory of the party, pointing out that even though he advocated for power shift to Benue South senatorial district as a party man he respects the decision of the party. Others who spoke at the reception were the Chairman of CPC, Dr Cletus Tyokyaa, Guest Speaker, Chief Terngu Tsegba, Member PDP Board of Trustees, Chief Mrs Margaret Icheen, State PDP Chairman and Deputy Governorship candidate, Sir John Ngbede as well as Engr Conrad Utaan and Mrs Mimi Adzape-Orubibi for the youth and women respectively. Earlier in a homily at the Thanksgiving Mass at St John the Baptist Cathedral, Gboko, Bishop William Avenya stressed the need for the people of the State to remain united devoid of tribalism, sectionalism and political affiliations. Bishop Avenya pointed out that the Feast of Corpus Christi which was being celebrated “Challenges us to see one another as having the image and likeness of God and reach out to them so that our talents and gifts will be multiplied.”  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue state has identified with his Ondo state counterpart, Rotimi Akeredolu, SAN over the gruesome killing of his kinsmen at St. Francis Catholic Church, Owo, Ondo state on Sunday.  The Governor said Owo, the hometown of Governor Akeredolu has… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - We read a mischievous media report credited to the All Progressives Congress, APC in Benue State accusing Governor Samuel Ortom of conspiring with some aspirants of the party to stop it from fielding a governorship candidate for the 2023 elections. In the same… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has reiterated his call for complete autonomy for the judiciary to enable the arm of government dispassionately uphold the rule of law. Governor Ortom bared his mind Thursday, June 2nd, 2022 at the Benue Peoples House, Makurdi during… In "Top Stories"