By EZRA MUSA KADUNA- The Kaduna State Fire Service said it recorded five deaths in 34 fire outbreaks across the state in May. The Director, Mr Paul Aboi, announced this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday in Kaduna. According to him, seven persons sustained various injuries in the incidents. He said four persons were rescued while properties worth N137 million were saved from the incidents. Aboi said that the fires occurred in Kaduna metropolis as well as Zaria and Kafanchan local government areas of the state. He said that the service was doing its best to reduce the incidences by educating residents on fire safety measures. “Property worth N500 million were saved from destruction within the period while those worth N137 million were destroyed,’’ he said. Aboi blamed the incidents on negligence and improper installation of appliances, stressing that residents should be careful when handling electrical appliances. He disclosed that the fire service would be decentralised to the 23 local government areas of the state. “The decentralisation of the fire service is to reduce response time to five minutes in case of emergencies”. (NAN) By EZRA MUSA KADUNA- The Kaduna State Fire Service, said it recorded eight deaths from 118 fire outbreaks across the state between March and April 2022. The Director, Mr Paul Aboi, made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Kaduna on Tuesday.According to him,… In "Metro" The Director, Kaduna State Fire Service, Mr Paul Aboi, on Wednesday, announced that the state recorded 32 fire incidences in Kaduna, Zaria and Kafanchan, resulting in one death, in June. Aboi added that four persons sustained injuries while three others were rescued by fire fighting personnel with property worth N87,000… In "News" By Ezra Musa Kaduna - The Kaduna State Fire Service says it recorded 87 fire outbreaks and seven deaths in January 2020.Mr Paul Aboi, Director of the service made this known on Saturday in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Kaduna.Aboi said the fire outbreaks were… In "News"