By STANLEY NWANOSIKE ENUGU- No fewer than six soldiers of the Nigerian Army are currently facing a court martial for indiscipline and other related offences at the 82 Division of the Nigerian Army, Enugu. The soldiers, whose names were not mentioned, are between the ranks of corporal and lance corporal. The General Officer Commanding (GOC) of the Division, Maj.-Gen. Taoreed Lagbaja, made the disclosure while inaugurating the General Court Martial on Wednesday in Enugu. The GOC said that court martial was meant to instill general discipline in the Nigerian Army. Lagbaja noted that it was also meant to punish erring personnel as well as act as a deterrent for others not to engage in any act of indiscipline. According to him, it is an internal mechanism of the Nigerian Army used to put all its personnel in check. “It leads the Nigerian Army to be a professional and a well-disciplined force. It also builds and upholds regimentation and all ethics of the force. “The general court martial is recognised by the country’s law and constitution,” he said. The GOC, however, said that the general court martial provides justice to all – both to the accused, the state (Nigerian Army) and the entire society. He charged the panel of the court martial to ensure expeditious justice delivery “since justice delayed is justice denied”. He also urged the panel not to sacrifice sound judgment and justice on the altar of expeditious or speedy justice delivery. The eight-man panel for the General Court Martial is headed by Col. Dickson Igbokwe. (NAN) By Desmond Ejibas Port Harcourt - The Nigerian Army said on Saturday it has begun proceedings to court martial 14 officers and soldiers accused of murder, kidnapping and desertion, among other criminal offences. Inaugurating the court proccedings in Port Harcourt, General Officer Commanding (GOC) Army 6 Division, Port Harcourt, Maj.-Gen.… In "News" By Stanley Nwanosike ENUGU - Maj.-Gen. Taoreed Lagbaja, the General Officer Commanding (GOC) 82 Division, Nigerian Army, Enugu says the division will continue to train and retrain its soldiers and officers.Lagbaja made the promise at the closing ceremony of Inter-Brigade Corporals and Below Competition, 2021, held at Abakpa Military Cantonment on… In "Security" The Federal High Court, Abuja, has fixed June 8 for definite hearing of the suit filed by a former Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Kenneth Minimah, and two others against the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, (EFCC). Minimah and his co-plaintiffs are challenging the validity of a criminal charge instituted… In "News"