ABUJA – A soldier on Monday killed a fuel station attendant in Minna, the Niger State capital, during a scuffle at the petrol station. An eyewitness, who spoke in Hausa and only gave his name as Abdulkareem, said the soldier was engaged in a scuffle with the fuel station manager which led to both parties slapping each other. “The soldier and the manager were having a misunderstanding. Though I don’t know who slapped first but they both slapped each other and people started trying to intervene,” Abdulkareem said. He also said that as a result of the scuffle, one of the station attendants, who was said to be the brother of the manager, brought out a cutlass and attacked the soldier who in turn shot him. The eyewitness said, “As people were trying to settle the misunderstanding, one of the attendants, who is the younger brother of the manager, came to support his brother in the fight by bringing out a cutlass and stabbing the soldier”. He added that the soldier in turn brought out his gun and shot the boy who was then rushed to the hospital. Another eyewitness said the boy didn’t attacl the soldier but brought out his cutlass to threaten him before the soldier pulled out his gun and shot the boy. (The PUNCH) Many filling stations have stopped selling petrol due to scarcity in Ogun state. According to DailyPost, the scarcity of fuel affected many filling stations on Thursday evening forcing them to stop selling petrol. Recall that many filling stations across the nation have stopped operations due to the adulterated fuel in… In "News" • Marketers still struggling to return adulterated petrol to NNPC • Corporation pleads for patience, says fuel queues will end soon Residents of Abuja and neighbouring states of Niger and Nasarawa are still facing tough times sourcing for Premium Motor Spirit, popularly called petrol, with the commodity selling for as… In "Business" Two men, Sale Abacha and Malummodu Ibrahim, have been shot dead by soldiers in the Adigbe area of Abeokuta, Ogun State. PUNCH Metro gathered that the soldiers, who were reportedly led by one Lt. Col. Ali, and one Barrister Bashir, invaded the community around 1am last Saturday. During the attack,… In "News"