OWO – Over 40 people have been reportedly killed in an attack on St Francis Catholic Church, Owa-luwa Street, in Owo town, Owo Local Government Area of Ondo State. It was learnt that the incident happened in the church, which is less than 200 meters away from the Palace of Olowo of Owo. Workers at the Federal Medical Centre, Owo, confirmed that many people were brought in dead on Sunday. The attack was carried out during the Sunday mass. A viral online video showed some worshippers being killed and lying on the floor of the church in the pool of their own blood. One of the health workers on duty at the Federal Medical Centre, Owo, where the casualties were taken to said over 50 people had been brought to the hospital. He said, “They are still bringing people to the hospital, some have been confirmed dead while some are still breathing. But for now, I can’t specify the number of those dead.” A source in the palace told our correspondent that there is tension and panic in the area. He said, “The church that was attacked was at the back of the palace and we are still wondering how gunmen could carry out such an attack at the centre of the town. This is unbelievable. Kabiyesi will soon issue a statement on the incident.” Confirming the incident, the Police Public Relations Officer, Mrs Funmilayo Odunlami, said the command was yet to ascertain the cause of the incident. “The CP (Commissioner of Police) is on his way to the scene to ascertain the cause of the incident. We have been hearing so many things about it but I will get back to you.” (Sunday PUNCH) •Late Deborah Yakubu SOKOTO - Governor Aminu Tambuwal has imposed curfew over Sokoto to curb further spread of violence amid protesters' demanding fthe release of Deborah Yakubu’s murder suspects. The governor said the directive was issued “in pursuance of peace and order in Sokoto metropolis and the entire state.” Violent… In "Top Stories" Terrorists, numbering over 200, on Saturday invaded the Kaduna International Airport located in Igabi Local Government Area in Kaduna State, disrupting operation and killing one security personnel of the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency. The attack caused panic at the airport and reportedly grounded a Lagos-bound AZMAN aircraft scheduled to take… In "News" Bishop Matthew Hassan Kukah KATSINA - Gunmen early Wednesday broke into one of the parishes presided over by the Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto, Matthew Hassan-Kukah, The PUNCH has learnt. Our correspondent gathered that the armed hoodlums kidnapped two priests and two others in the rectory of St. Patrick’s Catholic… In "Metro"