By ANGELA ATABO ABUJA- The Nigeria Ethnic Nationalities Youth Leaders Council (NENYLC), on Friday applauded the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) for the choice of Governor of Delta, Ifeanyi Okowa, as its Vice Presidential candidate. The President of the  group, Mr Terry Obieh, in a statement in Abuja, said that the step is in the right direction. “I heartily congratulate Dr  Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta on his successful selection by the leadership of the PDP as Vice Presidential candidate to Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, Former Vice President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. “Gov. Okowa’s selection is predicated on his outstanding contributions to the noble development of Delta  and by extension the Nigerian nation at large. ”According to Obieh, the group is proud of Okowa’s uncommon landmark achievements and unequalled antecedents. This, he said, contributed immensely to his nomination and eventual selection as the best bet for the position of Vice Presidential candidate of the PDP. (NAN) By EMMANUEL OLONIRUHA Atiku Abubakar/Ifeanyi Okowa ABUJA- Former Vice-President Atiku Abubakar and Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) presidential candidate has chosen Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta as his running mate for the 2023 poll.Abubakar said this at an unveiling of his running mate at the PDP national secretariat in Abuja on… In "Politics" •Okowa (left) and Atiku ABUJA - The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, has said he chose Delta State Governor, Ifeanyi Okowa, as his running mate for the 2023 general election because the governor has the qualities to be the president of the country. Atiku,… In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Supporters of the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, and his appointees on Thursday expressed anger over the decision of the Peoples Democratic Party’s presidential candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, to pick the Delta State Governor, Dr Ifeanyi Okowa, as his running mate.Wike’s loyalists, who reacted shortly after… In "Top Stories"