By OLUWAFEMI OJO AKURE- Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has assured that the All Progressives Congress (APC) will have a hitch-free presidential primary election on Monday.Akeredolu said this in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Richard Olatunde on Saturday in Akure.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Akeredolu is the Chairman, sub-committee on Security and Compliance for the APC Special Convention and Presidential Primary Election.He said that the party was ready for the election, adding that work had already commenced at the venue, with security and other necessary activities as priority.The governor said the APC, being a disciplined political party with disciplined members, would surely have a hitch-free primary.“This is not our first time using this Eagle Square, we have knowledge of the venue already.“We have already started work on the venue, on security and everything. So, We are ready. I think we are good to go.“ We are going to have a hitch-free primary. We are a disciplined party and our members will show discipline here on the d-day.” he said.(NAN) By MUFUTAU OGUNYEMI Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu AKURE- Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has advised the All Progressives Congress (APC) party to retain power by rotating presidency to the South as it prepares for the Special Convention for Presidential Primary election.Akeredolu, who doubles as the Chairman of the Southwest Governors’… In "Politics" Kemdi Chino Opara OWERRI - A leading contestant for the ticket of All Progressives Congress (APC) for Imo East senatorial district, Dr Kemdi Chino Opara, has rejected the plot to impose a candidate on the party in the guise of a consensus candidate. Opara said that no primary election has… In "Politics" By STEPHEN ADELEYE Governor Yahaya Bello LOKOJA- A support group for Yahaya Bello Presidency, Youth Win Nigeria, has called on the leadership of the All Progressive Congress (APC) to support the emergence of Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi as the party’s flag bearer in the 2023 presidential poll. The group’s founder, Prince… In "Politics"