Former Deputy Senate President of Nigeria, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, and Beatrice, his wife, have been arrested in London. According to the Metropolitan Police, they were arrested and charged with bringing a child to the UK for organ harvesting. The child, whose identity was not disclosed, is reportedly with the Metropolitan Police, while the Nigerian lawmaker and his wife are currently in custody pending a few hours when they would be arraigned at Uxbridge Magistrates’ Court. In a statement, Metropolitan Police said: “A woman and a man were charged today with conspiring to arrange the travel of a child into the UK in order to harvest organs. “The charges follow an investigation by the Metropolitan Police’s Specialist Crime team. “[A] Beatrice Nwanneka Ekweremadu, 55 (10.9.66) of Nigeria is charged with conspiracy to arrange/facilitate travel of another person with a view to exploitation, namely organ harvesting. “[B] Ike Ekweremadu, 60 (12.05.62) of Nigeria is charged with conspiracy to arrange/facilitate travel of another person with a view to exploitation, namely organ harvesting. “They have both been remanded in custody and will appear at Uxbridge Magistrates’ Court later today. “The investigation was launched after detectives were alerted to potential offences under modern slavery legislation in May 2022. A child has been safeguarded and we are working closely with partners on continued support. As criminal proceedings are now under way we will not be providing further details.” The suspect shares the same name with former Deputy Senate President. It’s unclear if he is the one or they are related. Daily Trust LONDON - Dr Ike Ekweremadu, former Deputy Senate President, and his wife, Beatrice, have been arrested and detained by the Specialist Crime Team of the Metropolitan Police in London. According to Sky News, the two suspects were arrested for alleged conspiracy to harvest the organs of a child. But the… In "Top Stories" By EMMANUEL ACHA/BENSON EZEUGWU Chief Ike Ekweremadu ENUGU- Former Deputy President of the Senate, Chief Ike Ekweremadu has announced his withdrawal from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) gubernatorial primaries. The Director-General, Ikeoha Campaign Organisation, Mr Charles Asogwa, disclosed this in a statement on Wednesday in Enugu. Recall that the PDP… In "Politics" By ALEX ENEBELIENUGU- Sen. Ike Ekweremadu, gubernatorial aspirant in Enugu State says it will appeal the Federal High Court, Abuja ruling that dismissed his application seeking to upturn the PDP delegates list.This is contained in a statement they issued on Tuesday in Enugu, signed by Mr Charles Asogwa, Director-General, of… In "Politics"