By Chijioke Kingsley Ahead of the 2023 governorship election in Plateau State, the Director-General of the Labour Party (LP), governorship Candidate Campaign Organization, Comrade Solomon Ndam, has said the party will shock Plateau just like ruling All Progressive Congress APC did in 2019. Ndam said the emergence of Amb. Yohana Margif as the LP flag bearer in the State is also the same way Governor Simon Lalong emerged under the APC in 2014 when no one gave him the chance to be Governor. “Even Bola Tinubu, the APC national leader never believed in Lalong because Plateau was a PDP State and nobody thought that APC could come from behind to win the Plateau”, he said Ndam stated this in Jos on Wednesday, during an interaction with our correspondent. “Today the Labour party is better positioned especially with the defection of Peter Obi who is now the Presidential Candidate of the party and also with the latest defection of the Plateau State House of Assembly member, representing Langtang North Central, Hon. Nanbol Daniel, who left the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), to Labour Party last weekend. “Both the PDP and APC has failed the people which gives us the impetus to take over government house come 2023. “The Labour Party is set to rescue Plateau State from poor governance and wasted eight years of the APC. The coming of Amb. Margif as a well known philanthropist is a great opportunity that the youths of the State are waiting to take advantage of, to be empowered”, Ndam said He said Margif has come with all his supporters to join the Labour Party, adding that the party has a lot of programmes for the State which they would unveil when the campaigns begin. “We have numerous cardinal programmes. We are signing an agreement with the masses. This is our logo and frontline charge. People can hold us onto this frontline charge. “Margif as an experienced businessman and true Plateau son, will provide jobs for the citizens who are desirous to work. “So, I know that if Margif is given the enabling atmosphere, unemployed youths will be employed through job creation. The Margif DG campaign boss said the Plateau people were quite abreast of the high level infrastructure deficit in the state, adding that Margif will address the mirage of problems when he comes onboard. “All these good infrastructure that we haven’t had for years, we know that we want them and I believe that once these are in place, investors will be attracted to the State and employment will be guaranteed for youths”, Ndam said. JOS - The Labour Party (LP),  Mega Progressives Peoples Party (MPPP) and  All Progressives Congress (APC) in Plateau have joined forces to fight Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the April 11, elections. The LP gubernatorial candidate, Ambassador Bagudu Hirse, and the MPPP candidate, Mrs Elizabeth Yirse, told journalists in Jos… In "News" Pankshin (Plateau) - Mr Simon Lalong, the Governorship Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Plateau, said on Wednesday that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) was jittery over the INEC's insistence on the use of the Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) for the February general elections. Lalong made the assertion during… In "News" Jos - Rt Hon Simon Lalong of All Progressives Congress (APC) has emerged as the winner of the gubernatorial election in Plateau, after defeating five other candidates. The Returning Officer, Prof. Emmanuel Kucha, Vice Chancellor, University of Agriculture Makurdi, declared the results in the early hours of Monday. Kucha said… In "News"