By IBIRONKE ARIYO ABUJA- The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) said that Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo, was not involved in an accident on Monday but helped to rescue an accident victim along Airport Road, Abuja. The Corps Public Education Officer, Mr Bisi Kazeem, made the disclosure in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja. Kazeem said that the vice-president and his security aides were joined by other Nigerians to pull the victim out of the scene of the accident. He said that the Corps Marshal, FRSC, Dr Boboye Oyeyemi, commended the vice president for rescuing the victim, saying that it was a call to all that road safety was everybody’s business. Kazeem attributed the accident to speeding by the driver of the affected vehicle, adding that the lone victim was only injured. The FRSC official stated that the vice-president had directed that the victim be treated on his account. Kazeem said that the accident, which occurred at Zamani Junction, involved a Toyota Corolla with registration number GWT842AA. “One male was injured, but no one died. The victim has been taken to the Air Force Base Hospital, Airport Road, Abuja, for treatment by the vice-president convoy ambulance, as it happened in his presence.” Kazeem warned against speeding, urging road users to be calm and patient while driving.  (NAN) By CHIJIOKE OKORONKWO Vice President Yemi Osinbajo ABUJA- Vice President Yemi Osinbajo’s convoy was not involved in an accident at the airport road, Abuja, on Monday  as was reported in some media and social media platforms.Osinbajo’s spokesman, Laolu Akande, who made clarifications, said the vice president’s  security and medical teams… In "News" By Kazeem Akande   Lagos -  The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has charged the National Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas (NUPENG), Petroleum Tanker Driver (PTD) section to engage its members in rigorous traffic trainings to avoid frequent accidents. Mr Bisi Kazeem, Head of Public Education, FRSC, told the… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Federal Road Saf­ety Corps has named the Guild of Corpora­te Online Publishers (GOCOP) as one of its partners for its forthcoming 7th Annu­al Lecture series sc­heduled to hold in Abuja. The GOCOP is an asso­ciation of professio­nal journalists who rose to the top of their… In "News"