By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The former media aide to President Muhammadu Buhari, Bashir Ahmad has described Peter Obi, the Presidential candidate of Labour Party as a big threat to both the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) and All Progressives Congress (APC) in the 2023 general election. According to him, Peter Obi’s candidature is a movement that may sweep off Atiku Abubakar and Bola Ahmed Tinubu, the candidates of PDP and APC in the forthcoming election. Ahmad who stated these in his verified tweeter handle said, “the Obidient Movement is gathering momentum in the northern part of the country. “The presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Peter Obi is getting 75% to 80% of support in most northern states. Ahmad said, “with what l have seen so far, Obi has already won the election. Let me confess, the name Peter Obi alone is a movement to beat. I was in Kano over the weekend and to my surprise everywhere is PO. Nobody is talking about other candidates anymore and a friend told me that it’s a similar story in Katsina. LP is getting 75% – 80% in those states. “A friend also told me that PO is getting not less than 85% in Kaduna. Like I said he is everywhere in Kano and Katsina, so he doesn’t even have to waste his time to go to north west for campaign, his soldiers has taken over the region. An 80% victory is assured! With this, Peter Obi has already won!” Ahmad who had in his earlier tweets written off Peter Obi and his party indeed was not wrong in his new submissions on the Labour Party candidate. A popular social comentator, Majeed Dahiru had recently on AIT Kaakaki programme advised the party to pick the spokesperson of the Third Force, Dr Yunusa Tanko who had shown consistency in idealogy by remaining in one political party since 1999 to date as Obi’s deputy. Dahiru believed that Obi had become a popular brand that did not require any big wig from the north to to win the 2023 presidential election. He said, “people will vote Obi based on his profile and credibility not minding whoever becomes his running mate.” Dahiru’s position was informed by the refusal of the New Nigeria People’s Party (NNPP) Rabiu Kwankwaso to run with Peter Obi as vice in the 2023 election. Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The All Progressives Congress on Sunday invited former Kano State Governor and the presidential flagbearer of the New Nigeria Peoples Party, Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, to return to the ruling party that he helped to build. Speaking with journalists on Sunday in Abuja, Deputy National Publicity Secretary… In "Top Stories" .... Ex-VP, PDP fear regional divisions in S’East, North may work for APC candidate .....Former Lagos gov moves to douse Muslim-Muslim ticket tension Abuja - The leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party and its presidential candidate for the 2023 election, Atiku Abubakar, are mulling over the option of engaging the… In "Top Stories" •Peter Obi In the last few days, the social media space has been abuzz with the name of former Governor of Anambra State, Peter Obi on the lips of many Nigerians, majority of whom are youths below 30 years. The trend became noticeable after most political parties picked their presidential… In "Opinion"