Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Tinubu Campaign Organisation has warned against the imposition of a consensus candidate by the All Progressives Congress. The organisation was reacting to the announcement of Senate President Ahmed Lawan as consensus candidate of the party on Monday. In a statement signed by its Legal Director, Babatunde Ogala, SAN, the support group listed three conditions for picking a consensus candidate as stipulated in the Electoral Act. Tne statement read, “The media is inundated with reports that the Chairman of the All progressives Congress (APC) has unilaterally announced the purported adoption of a certain aspirant the consensus presidential candidate of the APC for the forth coming presidential election in 2023. “While the National Chairman is yet to deny or offer any clarification on the alleged declaration, it is necessary to state that such a declaration is a legal impossibility. “This is because under the regime of the Electoral Act 2022, consensus, though provided for as one of the means by which a political party may produce its candidate, must specifically occur in a precise form. “Section 84(9) (10) and (11) of the Electoral Act 2022 are the relevant provisions and they state as follows:“(9) A political party that adopts a consensus candidate shall secure the written consent of all cleared aspirant for the position, indicating their voluntary withdrawal from the race and their endorsement of the consensus candidate”. “(10) Where a political party is unable to secure a written consent of all cleared aspirants for the purpose of a consensus candidate, it shall revertto the choice of direct or indirect primaries for the nomination of candidates for the aforesaid elective position. “(11) A special convention or nomination congress shall be held to ratify the choice of consensus candidates at designated centers at the National, State, Senatorial, Federal and State Constituencies, as the case may be”. “Instructively, none of the above conditions have occurred in respect of producing the presidential candidate of the APC. Therefore, any declaration of a consensus candidate would be premature and a violation of extant provisions of the law. “We are confident that as a law-abiding entity, the APC will not be part of such. We are further persuaded to urge our supporters to disregard this report considering that the overwhelming majority of the APC Northern Governors who, after meeting with the President, re-affirmed their preference for a president from the Southern part of Nigeria. “This patriotic decision is widely accepted by all Nigerians as a demonstration of deep understanding of the nuanced fault lines of our nation. “In the circumstance, a unilateral declaration by the National Chairman of aconsensus presidential candidate for the party will not only violate the law, but set the party on collision course with its Governors who are critical stakeholders in the party.”(Punch). Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu ABUJA - Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, frontline APC  presidential aspirant on Monday evening challenged Alhaji Abdullahi Adamu, national chairman of the ruling party over the later's declaration of Senate President, Ahmad Lawan as consensus presidential candidate of the party for the 2023 presidential election.  He vowed to… In "Politics" An attempt by the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Abdullahi Adamu, to select Senate President Ahmad Lawan – a northerner – as the preferred candidate of the APC, failed on Monday as both the Presidency and 12 northern governors of the party openly distanced themselves from the move.… In "Top Stories" ....Aspirants number hits 30, 12 pick forms, Amosun unfolds six-point agenda Abuja - The All Progressives Congress has begun moves to adopt the consensus method at its presidential primary due to the high number of presidential aspirants which has almost hit 30, The PUNCH can confirm. Despite the decision of… In "Top Stories"