By THOMPSON YAMPUT LOKOJA- The Speaker, Kogi House of Assembly, Mr Prince Matthew Kolawole, on Sunday described as “mere rumour” his alleged impeachment as leader of the parliament. “My rumoured removal or impeachment going the round is but concocted lies and handiwork of some idle and frustrated legislators, ” Kolawale said in a statement issued in Lokoja. A statement had earlier been issued on Friday, claiming that 19 members of the confluence state had impeached the speaker for alleged financial misappropriation and money laundering. But the speaker described it “sheer handiwork of some frustrated lawmakers as he queried where and when the purported impeachment took place beside only appearing in a press statement. “Ordinarily I wouldn’t have reacted to the lies but l think it’s necessary l put the records straight for the general public to know. ” The embattled speaker said. Kolawole explained that the House, which went on recess on April 6, held an emergency sitting on June 17, when four Principal Officers of the Assembly, including the Deputy Speaker, Ahmed Ahmed, were impeached and three others suspended. “Unfortunately the very people, whom the mischievous statement claimed impeached me, were the same legislators with me in the House on Friday, June 17 that appended their signatures and affirmed the impeachment of the principal officers through vote voice. “I believe their signatures were forged. It was because of similar offence that the principal officers were impeached and suspended for gross misconduct, including blackmailing members of the House on social media against the rules and ethics of the Assembly. “The fact is that impeachment of any legislator can’t be done outside the House so where did they sit to carry out my impeachment? “The question now is, how and when did it take place? Who has the power to open the House when the House is on recess or break? “According to the house rules, only the Speaker has the power to convene a sitting once the house is in recess. “We had the Sallah break, combined with election break for all of us to handle our elections during party primaries, so how, where and when did they impeach me ?” (NAN) •Kogi Deputy Governor-nominee Edward Onoja being screened by lawmakers in Lokoja today, Monday LOKOJA - The Kogi State House of Assembly has confirmed Mr Edward Onoja as the deputy governor of the state. Mr Onoja was confirmed as deputy governor on Monday after he was screened by members of the… In "Politics" By Kola Adeyemi The Speaker of the Kogi State House of Assembly, Mr Matthew Kolawole, has donated N100, 000 to Mrs Uchenna Okeigbo who recently gave birth to five babies at the Federal Medical Centre, Lokoja. The Special Adviser to the Speaker on media, Mr Femi Olugbemi, said in a… In "News" Esther Kolawole, wife of the speaker of Kogi State House of Assembly Matthew Kolawole, has passed on at 50. Kolawole’s chief press secretary, Femi Olugbemi announced in a statement that she died early Sunday in a Lagos hospital following a brief illness. Mr Olugbemi said burial arrangements will be announced… In "News"