ABUJA – All Progressives Congress (APC) governors have submitted the names of five presidential aspirants to President Muhammadu Buhari to select a consensus candidate from, it was reliably gathered this morning, Daily Trust reports. A reliable source told this paper that the governors submitted the names in the early hours of Tuesday (today). The names, according to the source, included that of the Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo; former governor of Lagos State, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu; Governor Kayode Fayemi (Ekiti State); Rotimi Amaechi, former Minister of Transportation, and Governor Dave Umahi (Ebonyi State). The governors had after meeting with the President on Monday said they would return to the Villa after meeting with the party’s National Working Committee(NWC) and other stakeholders. “They picked one from South-East, one from South-South and three from South-West geopolitical zones in line with their position that power should shift to the South,” he said. He said the president is expected to pick from the list. The presidential primary of the party holds today. The Senate President, Ahmad Lawan was named as the consensus candidate by the National Chairman, Senator Abdullahi Adamu. This was, however, punctured by the Presidency. (Daily Trust) •APC National Chairman, Senator Adamu ABUJA - Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, former Lagos State Governor Bola Tinubu, Ebonyi State Governor David Umahi. Jigawa State Governor Badaru Abubakar, former Niger Delta Minister Godswill Akpabio and former Transport Minister Rotimi Amaechi are among the 13 presidential aspirants cleared by the All Progressives… In "Politics" By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE •Senator Bola Tinubu ABUJA- Sen. Bola Tinubu, a frontline presidential aspirant of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Monday appeared before the party’s John Odigie-Oyegun-led seven-man Presidential Screening Committee.According to a statement issued by Mr Bayo Onanuga, Director-General Tinubu Campaign Organisation, the former two-term Lagos State governor… In "Politics" •Buhari at a dinner with presidential aspirants• ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari has formally backed rotation of power to the Southern part of the country in the 2023 presidential election. The president made this known at a dinner with the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential aspirants at the Aso Villa,… In "Top Stories"