By OLUWATOPE LAWANSON /FLORENCE ONUEGBU LAGOS- A Thousands of APC supporters and leaders  on Sunday,   stormed the Presidential Wing of the Muritala Mohammed International Airport, Ikeja, Lagos, to welcome Sen. Bola Tinubu, the party’s presidential candidate.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Tinubu, a former governor of Lagos State, is returning to his home state for the first time,  after he clinched the APC presidential ticket.NAN recalls that Tinubu  defeated 13 other aspirants, including Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, to clinch the APC ticket for the 2023 presidential election.Tinubu, one of the national leaders of the ruling party, polled 1,271 votes to defeat his closest rival, former Minister of Transportation, Mr Rotimi Amaechi who got 316 votes at the party’ s Special National Convention held from  June 6 to  8 in Abuja.Meanwhile thousands of APC loyalists trooped out and gathered in various groups in and around the airport to receive their leader.Some of the personalities waiting to receive the  former governor  at the  airport were Gov. Hope Uzodinma of Imo,    Lagos Deputy Governor, Dr Obafemi Hamzat, APC Lagos state party Chairman, Pastor Cornelius Ojelabi, former Minister of Defence, Sen. Musiliu Obanikoro, party leaders, local government area chairmen across the state and traditional rulers among oth The supporters were seen displaying unique cultural heritage of Lagos such as Eyo Masquerade and other masquerades among others.Meanwhile, Tinubu had after winning the presidential ticket,  paid visits to most of the aspirants who contested against him at the primary election to solicit their support in his quest to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023.Some aspirants had  donated their campaign offices for  the Asiwaju  Bola Ahmed  Tinubu (ABAT) campaign  in the course of visiting them to ensure that the party remained  united after the primaries.Tinubu will be slugging it out in 2023 with other presidential candidates from the  Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) -Alhaji Atiku Abubakar; Labour Party -Ex Gov. Peter Obi of Anambra; New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP) -Sen. Rabiu Kwakwanso among others. (NAN) By OLUWATOPE LAWANSON Senator Tokunbo Abiru LAGOS- Sen. Tokunbo Abiru (APC – Lagos East )  says the All Progressives Congress (APC) made the best decision in choosing Sen. Bola Tinubu as its  2023 Presidential Candidate.Abiru  who congratulated Tinubu, a former Lagos State governor  on his emergence,  also said that APC… In "Politics" By ISMAILA CHAFEABUJA- President Muhammadu Buhari has presented the  All Progressives Congress (APC) Victory Flag  to  Asiwaju  Bola Tinubu, winner of the just concluded party’s presidential primary election.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that delegates of the APC at the convention elected the former Lagos State governor as APC … In "Politics" •APC 2023 Presidential candidate Tinubu ABUJA - Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, former Governor of Lagos State Governor and has emerged the candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) for the 2023 presidential election after winning the party’s Special National Convention by a landslide. He polled a vast majority of… In "Top Stories"