By EMMANUEL OLONIRUHA ABUJA- The activities of the 2022 Democracy Day Celebration has commenced at the Eagles Square, Abuja, with marching of Commander Guards Brigade general salutes. The Commander Guard brigade took his position and salute at 9 a.m. This will be followed with the arrival of special dignitaries, including President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, President of the Senate Ahmad Lawan and Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila. Others include former Presidents and Vice Presidents; Chief Justice of Nigeria, Justice Ibrahim Tanko Muhammad; Secretary to Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha; Ministers and members of the National Assembly. Also expected at the venue were were permanent secretaries and heads of federal ministries and parastatals. Some of the dignitaries already seated are Service Chiefs and Inspector of General of Police; the National Security Adviser, Maj.-Gen. Babagana Monguno (retired), and former Minister of Foreign Affairs of Nigeria, Amb. Babagana Kingibe. (NAN) By CHIJIOKE OKORONKWO Vice President Yemi Osinbajo ABUJA- Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has congratulated  Sen. Bola  Tinubu on his victory at the ruling All Progressives Congress(APC) Presidential Primaries held on Wednesday at the Eagle Square, Abuja. Osinbajo, in a congratulatory message he personally authored on Thursday,  said that Tinubu’s sterling… In "Politics" By CHIJIOKE OKORONKWO Vice President Yemi Osinbajo ABUJA- Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Wednesday presided over the meeting of the Federal Executive Council(FEC) at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. President Muhammadu Buhari is on a state visit to Spain. The Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Mr Boss Mustapha and… In "News" By ISMAILA CHAFE •President Muhammadu Buhari Abuja- President Muhammadu Buhari is currently presiding over weekly Federal Executive Council meeting at the Presidential Villa Abuja.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Ministries of Power, Interior, Sports and Youth Development, and Mines and Steel are expected to make presentations at… In "News"