By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -. The Governing Council of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has condemned in its entirety the spate of killings and total disregard to the sanctity of human lives being perpetrated by various criminals within the country. It therefore called on the Federal Government to intensify efforts towards apprehending these criminals and bringing them to justice as well as improving the security situation in the country. This was part of the resolutions as contained in a statement Issued by the Governing Council of National Human Rights Commission at its Meeting of 9th June 2022 on the Spate of Killings in Nigeria. Recall that heinous crimes and killings are being perpetrated with impunity as exemplified in the recent Kaduna train attack, the attack at St. Francis Catholic Church Owo, Ondo State, the killing of a young man Ahmed Usman, at the Lugbe axis of the Federal Capital Territory for alleged blasphemy, the stoning to death of Deborah, a student of the Shehu Shagari College of Education, Sokoto also on grounds of alleged blasphemy, the killing of a pregnant woman Fatima (Harira) and her four children, and various others across the country. The Governing Council also condoled with the families who have lost their loved ones in these and other various attacks and pray that God Almighty will grant them the fortitude to bear these irreparable losses. According to the statement, Sections 33 and 34 of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999 as amended protect the lives and dignity of citizens of Nigeria subject only to the exceptions therein stated. The NHRC reiterated that it remains fully committed to playing its role in the promotion, protection and enforcement of the human rights of the citizens of Nigeria as well as all resident therein. It also implored every Nigerian to take necessary steps to contribute to the peace and security of the nation by providing information to security personnel and preaching the essence of tolerance and peaceful co-existence among other measures.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has strongly condemned the killing of a second year student of Shehu Shagari College of Education, Sokoto, Ms Deborah Samuel over alleged blasphemy. The Governing Council of the Commission while reacting to the killing said that there… In "Top Stories" By POLYCARP AUTA •Late Alhaji Zakari K JOS- The Eggon Youths Movement (EYM) has condemned the gruesome murder of Alhaji Zakari Kigbu, a one-time  National Commissioner of National Population Commission (NPC), by gunmen.National President of the group,  Mr Godwin Dugga, made the condemnation in a statement in Jos.The News Agency of… In "News" By BOSEDE OLUFUNMI KANO- An 11-man committee has been set up to investigate alleged killings at the May 26 governorship primary election of the Kano State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC). The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) and the Kano Civil Society Forum (KCSF) jointly set up the… In "News"