By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode has cautioned the All Progressives Congress (APC) against forcing any presidential aspirant to step down by excluding them from the ballot, so as not to nullify the whole proceeding of the convention. Fani-Kayode reminded that doing that will amount to the violation of section 84 of the electoral Act in the event that an aspirant goes to court. He stated this in a series of tweets on Tuesday against the backdrop of the alleged sudden decision by the Northern governors to zone the ticket and trimming the aspirants to three. He urged them to let everyone run and let there be a level playing field for all. The tweets read in full: APC NORTHERN GOVERNORS HEAR THIS: If you try to force anyone to step down by excluding them from the ballot at the Convention know that you are violating section 84 of the Electoral Act and that aspirant will go to court and turn the whole proceeding into a nullity…1/ ..The Northern Governors that are saying they are zoning the ticket & reducing the aspirants to 3 ought to be mindful of this. They do not have that power & neither ought they try to determine who our candidate ought to be. Let everyone run & let there be a level playing field. Abuja - The composition of the delegates that will elect the presidential candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress on June 6, 2022 remains a subject of controversy as a Federal High Court in Kano State, on Friday, ruled that Section 84 of the Electoral Act did not prevent statutory… In "Top Stories" ....Aspirants number hits 30, 12 pick forms, Amosun unfolds six-point agenda Abuja - The All Progressives Congress has begun moves to adopt the consensus method at its presidential primary due to the high number of presidential aspirants which has almost hit 30, The PUNCH can confirm. Despite the decision of… In "Top Stories" ... Party permits Amaechi, Ngige, others to vote despite Electoral Act.. .. Malami, others to monitor compliance Govs’ disagreement delays unity list.. ... PDP asks court to declare APC convention illegal, seeks party’s de-registration Abuja - Some aspirants vying for various positions in the All Progressives Congress, including those seeking… In "Top Stories"