ABUJA – A panel has recommended Rivers State Governor Nyesom Wike as running mate to Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar. It took the decision yesterday after a marathon meeting of the National Advisory Committee, an ad-hoc panel set up by the party leadership to recommend a suitable running mate for the candidate, took the decision yesterday. It was gathered that Wike was picked following a voice vote. He polled 16 votes out of 20. Three other governors – Ifeanyi Okowa (Delta), Udom Emmanuel (Akwa Ibom) and Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi (Enugu) were dropped for the Rivers governor. The panel is chaired by PDP Deputy National Chairman (North), Ambassador Umar Damagum. Also on the panel are former governors Sule Lamido (Jigawa), Ahmed Makarfi (Kaduna), Liyel Imoke (Cross River) and Babangida Aliyu (Niger). Senator Philip Aduda (FCT), Reps Minority Leader Ndudi Elumelu and former Senate President David Mark are also members. It was gathered that Atiku has on May 30 offered Wike the vice presidential slot but the governor was said to have pleaded for time to enable him to make consultations. It was further learnt that Governor Ortom was consulted by Wike. According to sources, Ortom encouraged Wike to accept the offer. (The Nation) •Atiku greeting supporters on Saturday night at MKO Abiola Stadium, convention venue in Abuja ABUJA - Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, former vice president, Saturday night, 28 May 2022, beat 12 other challengers to emerge as the candidate of the opposition People’ls Democratic Party for the 2023 presidential election. Emerging facts indicate… In "Top Stories" Atiku Abubakar (left) and Nyesom Wike Had Atiku Abubakar, Wazirin Adamawa, former vice president of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, two-time unlucky in presidential elections on the platform of two different parties, and a veteran of four presidential primary elections, been a pugilist, he would have been one in the… In "Opinion" •Frontline PDP 2023 presidential aspirants. Top from left: Bukola Saraki, Atiku Abubakar, Peter Obi, Aminu Tambuwal; Down from left: Udom Emmanuel, Dele Momodu, Bala Mohammed and Nyesom Wike ABUJA - Anxiety  is mounting in the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) as it finalises plans to screen 17 aspirants who obtained Expression… In "Politics"