Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The fresh ban imposed on operations of commercial motorcycles, popularly called Okada, in six Local Governments and nine local council development areas of Lagos State by the state Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, takes effect from Wednesday (today). Recall that Sanwo-Olu, had on May 18, 2022, announced the ban at a meeting with the state Commissioner of Police, Area Commanders and Divisional Police Officers at the State House in Alausa. Effective from June 1, 2022, the governor directed security operatives to enforce the proscription order across the councils: Eti-Osa, Ikeja, Surulere, Lagos Island, Lagos Mainland, and Apapa. As the enforcement begins, the Lagos Ferry Services said it has deployed more boats and increased daily operational trips at terminals and jetties located within areas in the state where activities of commercial motorcyclists have been banned. The Head, Public Affairs, LAGFERRY, Akeem Odusina, made this known in a statement made available to newsmen on Tuesday. The terminal and jetties, according to the statement, include the Badore terminal, Badore; Ipakodo terminal, Ikorodu; Five Cowries terminal, Ikoyi; CMS/Victoria Island terminal; Liverpool terminal, Apapa and Ilaje Bariga terminal, Bariga. In the statement, Odusina noted that “travelling by water is 100 per cent traffic-free and there are first-mile and last-mile buses available at the terminal/jetty parks to take passengers to their final destination.” While assuring the commuting public of safe, fast, reliable and convenient experience on the waterways, the statement added that the terminals have secured ample car park spaces. Meanwhile, the Lagos State Government has said there is no need for any anxiety over the planned enforcement of the Okada ban. Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Gbenga Omotosho, in a statement, said measures have been put in place to forestall any disturbance, adding that the ban will be enforced without any compromise. “There is no need for any anxiety over the enforcement of the ban, which has been hailed by the majority of Lagosians as a reinforcement of the Lagos Traffic Law 2012 (amended in 2018),” the statement read in part. By FLORENCE ONUEGBU •From left, Executive Director Grass Roof Democratic Initiative, Mr Razaq Oladosu; National Coordinator Activists for Good Governance/Spokes Person for Coalition, Mr Declan Ihekaire and Leader, Civil Society Organization (CSO), Mr Jubril Ogundimu during the Defend Lagos Coalition World Press Conference For Total Clampdown on Commercial Motorcycle (Okada)… In "News" Abuja - Some leaders of the Hausa community in Lagos State have appealed to Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu to reverse the ban on Okada operations in six local government areas of the state. The leaders, who spoke in separate interviews with The PUNCH, on Wednesday, said Okada riders who hail from… In "Top Stories" By MOSES OMOROGIEVA Lagos- Leaders of Arewa Community in Lagos State said they were in support of the commercial motorcycle ban in some areas in the state, urging their members to comply with the law. Their position was made known in a communique signed by Alhaji Musa Saleh, Secretary-General, after… In "News"