Abuja – The CBN has reviewed upwards, the operations of the Nigeria Inter-Bank Settlement System (NIBSS) and other electronic payment operations. This is contained in a circular by Musa Jimoh, Director, Payments System Management Department of the bank. Jimoh stated that the review was in furtherance of a 2014 circular on the subject. “Banks are hereby required to comply with the following: “Accept indemnity from customers for highly secured online funds transfer above N1 million Naira for individual customers and N10 million for corporate customers subject to a maximum of N25 million (Individual) and N250 million (Corporate); “Provide customers with the option of electronic or paper indemnity based on customer’s preference; “Implement electronic indemnity with stricter controls requiring biometric verification of identity,’’ he stated. He added that banks should adhere to Multiple Factor Authentication for “highly secured’’ online funds transfer. “They should inform and educate customers on the use of indemnity to increase transaction limits where applicable,’’ he stated. (NAN) Banks are quick to woo customers with e-payment products but are allegedly reluctant to address associated complaints arising from using such products, reports indicate. The Central Bank of Nigeria commenced migration to a cashless economy with a major aim of reducing the amount of naira notes used for transactions. Different electronic… In "Features" TAJBank Nigeria, has advised banks to invest in critical IT infrastructure to guarantee security of customers data and delivery of real time services. Mr Hamid Joda, the Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of the foremost non-interest banking products and services provider, said this in a statement on Monday.Joda gave the advice… In "News" It will no longer be business as usual for violators of Bank Verification Number (BVN). They have been barred from opening new bank accounts going by a fresh Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) rule. The new policy is contained in a Revised Regulatory Framework for Bank Verification Number (BVN) operations… In "Business"