By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -. Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has acknowledged the resilience of women in contributing to socio-economic development in the society. Governor Ortom spoke on Monday, June 20th, 2022 when he received in audience, a delegation of the National Council for Women Society Societies, NCWS, Benue State Chapter led by Mrs Theresa Dewua who paid him a courtesy call. According to the statement signed by the Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur, the Governor said that Benue women have distinguished themselves in various capacities, stating that they have continued to add value to womanhood and the development of the State in general. He lauded the women for keeping faith with his administration and standing firm despite the trying moments, noting that women were at the receiving end of dire situations especially in the wake of herdsmen invasion of Benue communities  which have rendered majority of women and children who now live in Internally Displaced Persons, IDP camps across the State. The Governor also pledged to support the NCWS for the construction of a secretariat and a vehicle to facilitate their activities, and directed the Commissioner for Women Affairs and Social Development as well as the Special Adviser on Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs to liaise with them on how best this could be achieved. He charged the women to ensure that they get their Permanent Voter’s Card, PVC before the the end of the registration, saying it was a tool with which they could elect leaders of their choice in next year’s general polls. President of NCWS, Benue State Chapter, Mrs Dewua had earlier told the Governor that they had come to appreciate his sustained support and sponsorship of the group’s activities even without personal interaction with him. She explained that the Governor and his wife, Dr Eunice Ortom have been passionate in promoting the cause of women in the State, pointing out that such areas of consideration as the appointment of a first female Head of Service in the State whom she noted is “doing very well” in representing the interest of the women. According to the NCWS President, Governor Ortom “Stands tall in women inclusion in government administration” emphasising that the allotment of more Local Government council Chairmanship slots to women was an  unprecedented recognition. The State Head of Service, Mrs Veronica Onyeke, Commissioner of Justice and Attorney General, Barr Michael Gusa, Commissioner of Education, Dr Sarwuan Tarnongu, State Assembly Member for Makurdi North Constituency, Mr Ter Kwagh-Kudi among other  government officials joined the Governor to receive the NCWS delegation.  …says Benue leads in women political empowerment  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor Dr Samuel Ortom has commended the courage and resilience of Nigerian women to excel even in the face of cultural and social-economic inhibitions. The Governor in a goodwill message to mark this year's… In "News" …Demands Zone C Senatorial seat  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Stakeholders from Obi and Oju local government areas of Benue State have distanced themselves from the militant agitations for governorship by the Benue Rebirth Movement, BRM, in the forthcoming general elections.  The Igede extraction who call themselves G-2… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has appealed to the international community to put pressure on the Federal Government to address the unabating acts of terrorism by armed  herdsmen in the country without religious or ethnic bias. He said at the moment, it appears… In "Top Stories"