By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE ABUJA- The All Progressives Congress (APC) says only 13 aspirants, out of  23 have been cleared to contest for the party’s ticket in the upcoming Presidential Primary Election.Chief John Odigie-Oyegun, Chairman of the seven-man 2023 APC Presidential Screening Committee, announced this on Friday in Abuja, while submitting the report of the committee to the party’s leadership.Odigie-Oyegun, however, did not mention the names of the aspirants that were cleared or those that were not cleared by the committee.Sen. Abdullahi Adamu, the APC National Chairman while receiving the report, said it would be looked into by the party’s leadership.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that 23 presidential aspirants appeared before the Odegie-Oyegun-led committee that sat for two days.Some of the aspirants include; Sen. Bola Ahmed Tinubu, a former governor of Lagos State and national leader of the party, Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo and Mr Rotimi Amaechi, who until recently was, the Minister of Transportation.Others are; ex-governor of Akwa Ibom and former Minister of Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), Sen. Godswill Akpabio, former Minister of Science, Technology and Innovation, Dr Ogbonnaya Onu and former Minister of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba.Former Imo governor, Sen. Rochas Okorocha, former Ogun governor, Sen. Ibikunle Amosun, Pastor Tunde Bakare, Cross River’s Gov. Ben Ayade, and his Ebonyi counterpart, Gov. Dave Umahi, are also in the race.Also in the race are former President of the Senate, Sen. Ken Nnamani, Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi, Jigawa’s Gov. Badaru Abubakar and President of the Senate, Dr Ahmad Lawan.Others are; former Zamfara governor, Sen. Ahmed Yerima, Pastor Nicholas Nwagbo, and former Speaker of the House of Representatives, Mr Dimeji Bankole ,and the only female contender, Mrs Uju Kennedy-Ohanenye.The cleared aspirants are to contest the party’s 2023 presidential ticket at its presidential primary scheduled to hold between June 6 and June 8, at the Eagle Square, Abuja. (NAN) By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE •Senator Bola Tinubu ABUJA- Sen. Bola Tinubu, a frontline presidential aspirant of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Monday appeared before the party’s John Odigie-Oyegun-led seven-man Presidential Screening Committee.According to a statement issued by Mr Bayo Onanuga, Director-General Tinubu Campaign Organisation, the former two-term Lagos State governor… In "Politics" By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE ABUJA- The All Progressives Congress (APC) has commenced the screening of its aspirants for 2023 presidential election.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the screening which is presently taking place at the Transcop Hilton Hotel, Abuja would last for two days.A source in the party said… In "Politics" By ADEYEMI ADELEYE Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu LAGOS- Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State has clinched the APC ticket to run for second term in the 2023 governorship election in the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Sanwo-Olu,  a  sole aspirant at the primaries held on Thursday at… In "Politics"