By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Evangelical Church Winning All (ECWA), has debunk a media report alleging that the Church held some Muslims Almajiris hostage and are converting them to Islam. ECWA said it is only offering an entrepreneur training to volunteers who are attending its program with a cost of a fee totalling N75,000. The Church explained that participants are drawn from all walks of life, religion and tribes who are not coaxed nor persuaded to attend. ECWA was reacting to a Daily Trust report alleging that the Church was forcefully converting Muslims to Christianity in the said problem. The report according to the publication alleged that the Department of Security Services DSS invaded ECWA and rescued the Muslims. However, in a statement sent to our correspondent on Wednesday, the ECWA President, Rev. Stephen Baba Panya, said the report was not only false and misleading, but a deliberate effort to discredit the Church and cause religious crisis in Plateau State. Putting the record straight, Panya said: “ECWA trains the less privileged in the society for capacity building, skill acquisition, Christian ethics and leadership skills with the sole purpose of making them relevant to the society. “We equip the trainees, upon completion of their one year training, with tools that will help them in establishing themselves. “For lack of space at the ECWA Headquarters, the office acquired a private property within Tudun Wada residential area in Jos as a temporary site for the training and housing of all trainees. “The trainees at the property, before being enrolled, are expected to provide the name of their sponsors and pay a mandatory sum of N75,000.00 to cover feeding and training fees. “As a practice, the Unit maintains a file for each student containing his or her personal data. “Trainees at the facility, as a matter of policy, are all adults with none falling below the age of Eighteen (18). “Trainees are free to withdraw from the training once they are dissatisfied with either the policies or the condition of the facility. Management also has the right to withdraw a trainee on grounds of infringement of the rules and regulations of the facility. “The Unit from its inception, has graduated over Eighty-six (86) trainees spread across different parts of Nigeria with various skills. “Prior to June 14, 2022, the property accommodated twenty-four (24) trainees with a list of pending applicants waiting for space for enrolment. “The ECWA Church-Related Ministries Department was shocked over the false allegations said to have emanated from the “escapee” Abdulrahman Hussaini that the trainees at the property are citizens that were forcefully brought to it for the purpose of forcefully converting them to Christianity. “These allegations are complete falsehood because the trainees being persons of age, are available at any time for Government Officials to interact with, to hear their respective stories, just as was done by the Department of State Services (DSS) recently. “Following a report by the JNI in Jos as we later understood, the DSS visited our facility and accordingly interviewed the occupants who freely disclosed to the security agents that they enrolled on the program at their own volition and were not forced, except Abdulrahman Hussaini’s brother who opted to leave with his brother Abdulrahaman and were released to the DSS without any excitation. “What is clear in this drama, is that the Hussaini brothers were planted as moles for the purpose of discrediting the good works of the Church unit where thousands of trainees have benefited and are now living as responsible members of the society. What is more, Trainees are given two weeks break six months after their stay in the facility to get back and prepare for the final lap of their training. It is of the moment to note that the Hussani brothers have gone on this break and returned on their own volition “ECWA, as an organization, has a widespread nationally and internationally recognition and believes in the Rule of Law and will not involve itself in the infringement of the Fundamental Rights of any Nigerian to his freedom of religion, movement, or association”, the statement said JOS - The Department of State Security (DSS) has raided a house located at JMDB quarters, in the Tudun Wada community of Jos North LGA of Plateau State, North-central Nigeria where the operatives rescued 21 young people, including almajirai, Daily Trust has reported. The Jama’atu Nasril Islam (JNI), while confirming… In "Top Stories" BAUCHI - A pastor has allegedly been injured and many houses burnt by irate youths who went on the rampage over alleged blasphemy in the Katangan area of Warji Local Government Area of Bauchi State. Details of the incident were still sketchy as of the time of filing this report.… In "Top Stories" By POLYCARP AUTAJOS- The Evangelical Church Winning All (ECWA) has appealed to the Federal Government to adopt modern technology to fight insecurity in the country.Rev. Stephen Baba-Panya, the President of ECWA, made the appeal in statement on Monday in Jos.Baba-Panya, who was reacting to the killing of some Catholic faithful… In "Security"