By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Chairman of the Labour Party (LP), in the 17 Local Government Area of Plateau State has said the party is intact with no faction as is being speculated. The Chairmen however noted that they are aware of an alleged plan to course confusion in the party by some elements from sister political parties in the State who lost elections in the just concluded primaries and are planning to create a purported list of another exco to submit to the National Headquarters of Labour Party. However in a press briefing, Monday in Jos, Chairmen of the 17 LP Chairmen in collaboration with concerned party supporters passed a vote of confidence on the leadership of the party in Plateau, headed by the Party Chairperson, Hon. Grace Zamfara. Reading the press text on behalf of the Chairmen, the LP Chairman of Jos South, Hon. Stephen Agah said the Chairmen will resist any attempt by any person or group planning to subvert the will of the people regarding the party unity in the State. “We therefore call on the National Leadership of our Party and security agencies to take note of these developments and arrest any group of persons or individuals who are bent on causing disunity in the Party in order to avoid any breach of peace”, Agah said. He re-emphasised that the party headed by Grace Zamfara is the only structure recognised by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Plateau State Chapter. Agah lauded the gubernatorial candidate of the Party, Amb. Yohana Margif, who has made tremendous sacrifice and support to ensure that the party stands strong to win the 2023 general elections. By Chijioke Kingsley Ahead of the 2023 governorship election in Plateau State, the Director-General of the Labour Party (LP), governorship Candidate Campaign Organization, Comrade Solomon Ndam, has said the party will shock Plateau just like ruling All Progressive Congress APC did in 2019. Ndam said the emergence of Amb. Yohana… In "Top Stories" By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Ambassador Yohnna Margif has clinched the Labour Party LP ticket to run for Governorship seat of Plateau State in the 2023 general elections. It would be recalled that Chief Margif who is the Wazirin Mushere was the Member of the APC and had… In "Top Stories" By IDOWU GABRIEL ADO-EKITI- Scores of Labour Party (LP) members in Ekiti defected to the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday at Ado-Ekiti. The defectors promised to work to ensure victory for the APC’s candidate, Mr Biodun Oyebanji at the June 18 governorship election in the state. They were led… In "Politics"