By AKEEM ABAS IBADAN- Alhaji Sharafadeen Alli, the All Progressives Congress (APC) Senatorial Candidate for Oyo South, has congratulated Sen. Bola Tinubu on his emergence as the party’s presidential candidate. This is contained in a statement he personally signed and made available to newsmen in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital. The News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) reports that Alli, a former Secretary to Oyo State Government, is also the Maye Balogun of Ibadanland. NAN reports that Tinubu, a former Governor of Lagos State, had emerged the APC presidential candidate at the just concluded party’s presidential primary, having polled 1,271 votes to defeat all other 12 presidential aspirants. Alli said that Tinubu’s emergence as the APC presidential candidate was victory for the masses and beginning of new Nigeria. He recalled the role Tinubu played in the entrenchment of democracy in Nigeria, expressing confidence that he would transform Nigeria beyond his unprecedented achievements in Lagos State. “I congratulate our national leader, father and brother in the Southwest, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu on his victory at the APC National Convention. “The role Asiwaju played in entrenching democracy in Nigeria cannot be over emphasised. We are confident such individual who knew the Genesis of democracy in Nigeria will fix the country. “I am confident that Asiwaju will fight insecurity, a major problem in the country and will fix the economy. We shall work together to ensure we fix Nigeria,” he said.(NAN) IBADAN - The Presidential Candidate of All Progressives Congress (APC), Gen. Muhammadu Buhari, on Thursday in Ibadan promised good governance, if elected president on Feb. 14.[pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] Buhari made the pledge while addressing party faithful at Mapo Hall, Ibadan, as part of his nationwide mobilisation rally ahead of next month's… In "News" LAGOS - The All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship candidate for Lagos State , Mr Akinwunmi Ambode, on Saturday said the party would use the remaining days before elections to fast and pray for victory. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] Ambode made this known while addressing APC members and supporters in Lagos, who engaged… In "News" Senator Bukola Saraki has congratulated Prof. Yemi Osinbajo on his emergence as the Vice Presidential candidate/running mate of General Muhammad Buhari under the All Progressive Congress (APC). In a statement made available to SundiataPost, Saraki said "The emergence of Professor Yemi Osinbajo - a Professor of Law; a well-ranked academician;… In "News"