Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Super Eagles grabbed three points against the The Falcons and True Parrots of São Tomé and Príncipe at the Grand Stade Agadir, also known as Adrar Stadium, on Monday. The Nigerian team had also bagged all three points in their 2-1 defeat of Sierra Leone at the MKO Abiola Stadium, Abuja on Thursday. On Monday, Victor Osimhen scored four times to give the Super Eagles a resounding victory in their Day 2 encounter of the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations qualification series in Morocco. Osimhen scored in the ninth, 48th, 65th and 84th minutes alongside Moses Simon who scored in the 28th minute, Moffi (43′, 60′), Oghenekaro Etebo (55′),Ademola Lookman (63′) and Emmanuel Dennis (90+2′). Having pocketed another three points, Eagles are top of Group A. Head Coach Jose Peseiro had said at the Aeroport Agadir Almarissa that the encounter against ‘The Falcons and True Parrots’ would bring the best out of his team as they seek to go top of the Group A table. “We want to be the team at the top of the table, so we must fight hard against the opponents. Every match, we must commit ourselves fully to winning it. As I said earlier in the week, Nigeria have huge pedigree and they also have both quality and quantity of players. It is important that we select the best all the time to win the big games,” he had said. Defender and deputy skipper William Ekong and midfielder Innocent Bonke had returned to their respective bases in England and France to attend to injuries copped during the international break. Bonke was injured in the friendly game against Mexico in Dallas on May 28, while Ekong suffered a groin strain in the 2-1 defeat of Sierra Leone in Abuja on Thursday. By VICTOR OKOYEABUJA- Leone Stars’ team captain Steven Caulker is optimistic about Sierra Leone’s chances of defeating Nigeria when they meet in the reverse fixture in the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) Qualifiers.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that first-half goals by Alex Iwobi and Victor Osimhen made… In "Sports" Three players have arrived at the Super Eagles camp in Abuja, The PUNCH has learnt. The first player to arrive at the camp was Olisa Ndah, a central defender. Other players who have arrived are Taiwo Awoniyi and John Noble. The team made this known via its Facebook page. “Olisa… In "Sports" Some football enthusiasts on Friday urged the Super Eagles to ensure victory against Sudan in their second match Group D of the African Cup Nations (AFCON). The reported that the Super Eagles will take on Sudan Falcons of Jediane on Saturday at the Roumde Adjia Stadium, Garoua, Cameroon. A cross section… In "Sports"