By BUSHRAH YUSUF-BADMUS ILORIN- The Kwara State Teaching Service Commission (TESCOM) has released dates for the conduct of examinations and interviews for its teaching and non-teaching staff.A statement from the Press Secretary of the commission, Mr Jide Abolarin, on Wednesday in Ilorin, said that the examinations would cover for 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021.It quoted the TESCOM Chairman, Mallam Bello Abubakar, as saying that the dates for the promotion examinations and interviews were sequel to the approval by Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq.It said that officers on Grade Level (GL) 07 to GL10 would have their examinations on June 18, at St. Anthony Secondary School, Ilorin, from 8 a.m to 11 a.m.”Officers on GL14 to GL17 will have their examinations at C&S College, Ilorin, on same date and same time.”Those on GL07-10 and GL14-16 in schools located in Kwara South and Kwara North Senatorial Districts will have their promotion interview on June 18 between 12 noon and 5 p.m, at the state TESCOM Headquarters.”Officers from schools located in Kwara Central Senatorial District on GL07 to GL10 and those on GL14 to GL16 will have their interview on June 21 between 9 a.m and 5 p.m also at TESCOM Headquarters.”Those that are moving from GL10 to GL12 will write their examinations at St. Barnabas Secondary School, Ilorin.”Officers moving from GL12 to GL13 will write theirs at St. Anthony Secondary School, Ilorin, while officers moving from GL13 to GL14 will write theirs at C&S Secondary School, Ilorin, on June 25 from 9 a.m to 11 a.m,” the statement read in part.It added that interview for the officers on GL10 to GL14 from schools located in Kwara South and Kwara North Senatorial Districts would hold on the same day at the TESCOM headquarters, between 12 noon and 5 p.m.”Officers on GL10-14 from schools located in Kwara Central will have their interview scheduled for June 28, at the same venue.”For officers moving from GL16 to GL17, their promotion interview has been scheduled to hold from June  27 to July 2 between 10 a.m and 5 p.m daily at the TESCOM Conference Room in Ilorin.”The statement directed all candidates to come along with the following items: Staff Identity Card, First Letter of Appointment, Letter of Confirmation of Appointment, Last Promotion Letter, Approval of Conversion/Advancement (if any) and Approval of Change of Cadre (if any).Other required items are Approval of Change of Name (if any), Credentials (Educational Qualification/Certificates), Citizenship Certificate, Birth Certification/Declaration of Age and properly filled interview form. (NAN) By Afusat Agunbiade-Oladipo Ilorin- The Police Command in Kwara says it has initiated an investigation against 26 officers and men over alleged harassment, intimidation and extortion. This is contained in a statement issued on Monday in Ilorin by the Command Spokesman, SP Okasanmi Ajayi. Ajayi said that the affected officers… In "Metro" By ABIODUN ESAN °Alhaji Hakeem Lawal ILORIN- Alhaji Hakeem Lawal, son of former governor of Kwara, late Alhaji Mohammed Lawal, has won the governorship ticket of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) in Kwara. The Chairman of the Electoral Committee of the party, Mr Olatunji George, declared Hakeem the winner of… In "Politics" By ANGELA ATABO Abuja- Youths across the country on the aegis of  Rescue Nigeria Mission on Saturday,  held rallies in 23 states of the federation in support of Gov . Yahaya Bello’s 2023 presidential ambition.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that it  was a simultaneous gathering of massive crowds… In "Politics"