Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Femi Fani-Kayode, former minister of aviation, has accused Ukpo Nwamini David of taking advantage of the plight of Ike Ekweremadu, former deputy senate president, to gain asylum in the United Kingdom. Recall that Ekweremadu and his wife, Beatrice, were arrested and charged to court for allegedly bringing a child to the UK for organ harvesting. The couple were subsequently remanded in custody till July 7 while investigations are ongoing. Last week, a document showed that the former senator had written to the UK high commission to support a visa application of a “donor”. Although the UK police said the donor was 15, but data from his international passport and Bank Verification Number (BVN) portal indicate that he is 21-year-old. Reacting to the development, Fani-Kayode, in an opinion piece, said the London police acted “hastily and in error” while alleging that it is an attempt to “demonise and stigmatise” Ekweremadu. “As I said from the outset, I cannot and will not condemn my friend and brother Senator Ike Ekweremadu and his beautiful wife unless I see the evidence of their wrongdoing or they are convicted by a court of law,” he said. “I am now convinced that there is NO evidence and that they will NOT be convicted. “There is also a distinct possibility that the charges may eventually be dropped or thrown out by the court if the British really want to play it fairly. “I believe that the London Metropolitan Police have acted hastily and in error or that they are simply behaving in a typically racist manner all in an attempt to demonise and stigmatise a Nigerian public figure and Nigerians generally even though the evidence before them cannot possibly justify the charge or a conviction.” The former minister added that the organ donor was motivated by “primitive greed” and decided to renege on the earlier agreement. “You were taken abroad for the sole purpose of donating one of your kidneys, and you were given the best treatment by the Ekweremadu’s (by your own admission) and at their hospital of choice,” the former minister added. “Instead of doing the right and honourable thing and following through on your own part of the deal by helping the young lady or instead of simply saying that you have changed your mind and have elected not to donate your kidney any longer, satan entered your body, spirit and soul, you got other ideas, you sought to make more money, and you started plotting and conceiving evil against those who were depending on you. “You resolved to attempt to send the Ekweremadus to jail for no just cause, far away from home and in a foreign land simply because they were desperate, they asked you for help, they trusted you, and they paid you. “You have destroyed their reputation, and you now want their daughter to die from stress and the inability to get someone else to donate a kidney to her. “You wish to destroy three lives and an entire family just so you can gain political asylum, stay in the UK and live off the state. “Apart from being motivated by your crass and primitive greed, it is possible that you are also being used by some unscrupulous elements and Senator Ekweremadu’s political enemies but whichever it is, you alone will bear the consequences of your wicked and callous actions both in this life and in the next. “You are not 15 but 21. You consented to this course of action. You offered to help, but now you are hell-bent on destroying them.” By MARTIN ROBINSON and JAMES ROBINSON LONDON - Nigerian Senator Ike Ekweremadu and his wife, Beatrice Nwanneka Ekweremadu today (Thursday) appeared in a London court accused of plotting to traffic a homeless child into the UK in order to harvest his organs. Ike Ekweremadu, a People's Democratic Party politician for… In "Top Stories" By TAIYE AGBAJE ABUJA- The absence of Justice Obiora Egwuatu of a Federal High Court, Abuja has stalled the hearing in a suit filed by a former senator, Mrs Grace Bent against Precious Chikwendu, ex-wife of former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode.The matter, which was on number 12 on the day’s cause list, could not… In "News" David Nwamini Ukpo, the young man involved in the controversial organ harvesting saga that landed Senator Ike Ekweremadu and his wife Beatrice in trouble in Britain, has taken to his Facebook wall to explain how he met the Senator and was allegedly lured from Nigeria to London for the harvesting… In "Top Stories"