Abuja (Sundiata Post) -. Members of the two majority parties in Nigeria, the Peoples Democratic Party and All Progressives Congress in Imo North Senatorial District of Imo State on Sunday collapsed their structures into the Labour Party and pledged their loyalty and support to its presidential candidate, Peter Obi. No fewer than 2,000 people joined the LP at a ceremony at Umuaro community in the Isiala Mbano Local Government Area of the state. A former Deputy Chief of Staff to a former governor of the state, Chikwem Onuoha, said that the decision was reached after an investigation revealed that Obi was the best presidential material among other presidential candidates. Onuoha said that the APC and the PDP had misruled Nigeria for the past 23 years, adding that it was time Nigerians voted Obi to rescue the country. The APC chieftain said, “Today, the APC and the PDP are dead in Okigwe zone. We have resolved to collapse our structures in the zone into the Labour Party and to work for the victory of Peter Obi. Peter Obi symbolises the hope of the ordinary people of Nigeria. “Peter Obi is tested and trusted and he has the support of the people who vote during the election. Apart from Obi, we will vote LP all through. The Labour Party is for a mass movement. We are wiser and we want to take back our country.” The President General of the Okigwe North Youth Progressives Forum, Chidinma Onyenagubo, said that his group was mobilising people to obtain their Permanent Voter Cards to vote for LP In 2023. Punch Peter Obi OKIGWE - Members of the two major parties in Nigeria, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and All Progressives Congress (APC) in Imo North Senatorial District of Imo State on Sunday collapsed their structures into the Labour Party and pledged their loyalty and support to its presidential candidate, Peter… In "Politics" .... Ex-VP, PDP fear regional divisions in S’East, North may work for APC candidate .....Former Lagos gov moves to douse Muslim-Muslim ticket tension Abuja - The leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party and its presidential candidate for the 2023 election, Atiku Abubakar, are mulling over the option of engaging the… In "Top Stories" Peter Obi ABUJA - The rising profile of Mr. Peter Obi, the presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP), is currently creating anxiety within the ranks of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) over his choice of a running mate. Also, it has deepened the… In "Top Stories"