By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – National Chairman of the All Progressive Congress (APC), Adamu Abdullahi, on Wednesday, expressed worry over the wave of defection among the APC senators. He stated this while briefing journalists after meeting with the party’s senators at the national Assembly complex. Adamu noted that though defection was a usual occurrence during election period, it was normal for the party and its leaders to worry over the loss of any member. He said, “The meeting with the senators was most fruitful. The issue of defection is an unfortunate development when it happens but this is a season where there is all sort of behaviours in the political space and ours is not an exception. “In every election year, this kind of thing gives cause for stakeholders to sneeze and Nigeria is not an exception so is the APC, not an exception. I don’t care about what is happening in other parties, my focus is on the APC. But we all know that the occurrence is not only happening in the APC, it’s happening across other political parties too. And because we are the ruling party, our problems are exaggerated before the public.” Adamu said he doesn’t know if the problem of defection would persist in the party but he has met with his colleagues at the National Assembly and he believes the issue is surmountable. He added, “There is no responsible leader that would not be worried when he loses one member not to talk of two. At the moment we are faced with the stark reality of our problems. I have committed my colleagues at the National Assembly to face the problem squarely and see the problem as solvable. “We are in politics, I don’t know what would happen tomorrow, nobody does.” Sundiata Post recalls that earlier before the meeting at plenary, two senators from Bauchi and Imo States had resigned their membership of the All Progressives Congress and Peoples Democratic Party respectively. The lawmakers are Senator Dauda Jika representing Bauchi Central and elected on the platform of the APC and Senator Ezenwa Francis Onyewuchi representing Imo East Senatorial District, who was elected on the platform of the PDP. Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Elder Godsday Orubebe, has joined the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), seven years after he attempted to scuttle the emergence of President Muhammadu Buhari, as Nigerian leader. It was learnt that Buhari is set to receive Orubebe into the ruling… In "Top Stories" …Abaribe to resign as Minority Leader Wednesday   By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Two prominent members of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senate Majority Leader, Yahaya Abdullahi, and Adamu Aliero, have officially defected to the Peoples’ Democratic Party (PDP). Also to defect formally tomorrow, Wednesday, is the Senate… In "Top Stories" The Peoples Democratic Party may bounce back to reckoning in Gombe State if the state chapter of the ruling All Progressives Congress is unable to put its house in order, writes Nseobong Okon-Ekong Again, stakeholders in Gombe State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) have failed to reached an… In "Politics"