Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Government of Ebonyi State has summoned the family of Mr. David Ukpo Nwamini, the alleged person at the centre of the Senator Ike Ekweremadu United Kingdom (UK) controversy, to a meeting at the Ebonyi State Government House, Abakaliki. In a statement signed by the Secretary to the Government (SSG), Dr. Kenneth Ugbala, the Government said it deemed it necessary to wade into the issue of Ekweremadu. A letter which was copied to the British High Commission Abuja, the Ebonyi state Government, described Ekweremadu as an illustrious son of Igboland and Mr. David Ukpo Nwamini as a worthy son of the state. “Ebonyi State Government has noted a lot of distortion of information in the Social Media and has stepped into the matter to unravel all the facts. “From preliminary investigation, Mr. David Ukpo Nwamini hails from Izzi Local Government Area of Ebonyi State and was living with his junior brother in Ikotun, Lagos State and was engaged in selling of phone accessories with his brother before he left for London. “From the information available to us, it appears that the said David Ukpo Nwamini is not a MINOR as his junior brother, he was living with is said to be above 20 years of age and if that is the case, then David Ukpo Nwamini might have misinformed the London Police or the London Police was very hasty in reaching a conclusion in declaring Mr. David Ukpo Nwamini a MINOR. “From the records of David’s passport and testimony of Ebonyians in Lagos, preliminary investigation suggests that David is an adult who has a fundamental right to take decisions concerning himself. “From the account on Social Media, we observe that Senator Ike Ekwerernadu did full disclosure in his letter to the British High Commission in Nigeria in support of David Ukpo’s London Visa application with the sole aim of donating kidney to Senator Ike Ekweremadu’s daughter and so the issue of donation of kidney was never hidden by the Senator. “We, therefore, request the family members of Mr. David Ukpo Nwamini to please come forward for a meeting with Ebonyi State Government on Tuesday, June 28, 2022 in Abakaliki, Government House, to give us useful information to resolve this problem. “Without prejudice to justice being served on the matter and whatever may be the outcome, Ebonyi State Government stands with Senator Ike Ekweremadu and their own son, David Ukpo Nwamini and will do everything possible to assist both, while the case lasts and after the case. “Ekweremadu has not been found guilty as investigation is not yet concluded and do request Social Media to be fair in their reporting and to wait for the outcome of the investigation by the London Police. “We have confidence in the ability of the London Police to dig into the matter and to serve justice to all parties and nothing but justice.” David Nwamini Ukpo, the young man involved in the controversial organ harvesting saga that landed Senator Ike Ekweremadu and his wife Beatrice in trouble in Britain, has taken to his Facebook wall to explain how he met the Senator and was allegedly lured from Nigeria to London for the harvesting… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Femi Fani-Kayode, former minister of aviation, has accused Ukpo Nwamini David of taking advantage of the plight of Ike Ekweremadu, former deputy senate president, to gain asylum in the United Kingdom. Recall that Ekweremadu and his wife, Beatrice, were arrested and charged to court for allegedly… In "News" By CHUKWUEMEKA OPARA ABAKALIKI- The Ebonyi Government says it is reaching out to the family of the individual contacted by Sen. Ike Ekweremmadu (PDP -Enugu West) to donate his kidney to the senator’s ailing daughter.The state Commissoner for Information and Orientation, Mr  Uchenna Orji made the disclosure in  a statement… In "News"