By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has sent a message of felicitation to the Catholic Bishop of Gboko, Most Reverend William Avenya on his 67th birthday. The Governor in a goodwill message to the Bishop described him as a distinguished servant of God and a gift to humanity and the Church. This was contained in a statement signed by Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur Made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja. He noted the Clergy man’s immeasurable contributions and interventions that have brought peace and unity amongst the various ethnic and religious groups in the state. The Governor showered encomiums on the Bishop for promoting evangelism and community service to the state thus bringing people closer to God, adding that “such efforts have yielded positive results because many who were going astray and entangled in anti social behaviours finds solace and redemption.” He also appreciated the contributions of the church to the development of the state saying that such partnerships have paid off tremendously since both the government and the Church complements each other to serve the people. The Governor noted the challenges the church is facing in the midst of security threats by Fulani terrorists and urged them not to be deterred but be resolute to serve God and humanity no matter the odds. Ortom believes that with the resolve of government and the cooperation of the people especially the church, the days of the terrorists are numbered. He prayed that God grants the Bishop Avebya good health, wisdom, peace and courage in the service to God and humanity in the years ahead.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - No matter the pressure from any quarter, the Open Grazing Prohibition Law of  Benue State Government will not be repealed. This was contained in a statement signed by the Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja on Sunday.… In "Top Stories" …promises continued partnership with the Church to promote harmony. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -. Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has congratulated the Bishop- Elect of Katsina - Ala Diocese, Benue state, Most Reverend Father Isaac Bunde Dugu on his appointment. Rev Father Dugu was appointed Bishop of the… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Governor Ortom has described the death of young Micheal Abounu as painful and very difficult for the family. According to the statement by the Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur, the Governor said it is traumatising for parents to bury their children. The Governor… In "News"