Abuja (Sundiata Post) – As a follow-up on their resolution to zone the All Progressives Congress Presidential ticket to the south, the Northern APC Governors have forwarded the names of five southern aspirants to President Muhammadu Buhari for consideration as a consensus candidate. Aspirants from the South dominated the list presented to the President. Those shortlisted are the Vice President Yemi Osinbajo; former Lagos State governor, Bola Tinubu; Ekiti State Governor, Kayode Fayemi; former Transportation Minister, Rotimi Amaechi; and Governor Dave Umahi of Ebonyi State. The Chairman of the Northern Governors Forum and Governor of Plateau State, Simon Lalong, who confirmed the shortlist said those whose names were submitted had been graded by the party screening committee based on specified metrics. Lalong, however, noted that the Northern Governors being only one section of the party, the shortlist will not bar other aspirants from contesting the primaries. The governors had, on Monday, met with Buhari to officially inform him of their stance to zone the ticket to the south. They met the president around the same time the APC national chairman, Abdullahi Adamu, announced that President Buhari had endorsed Senate President Ahmed Lawan as the consensus candidate. The Presidency immediately denied the announcement, saying that Buhari, at the time, had not anointed any candidate. The PUNCH had reported that Buhari asked the governors to reduce the number of aspirants after consultations. A media aide to one of the governors confirmed that aspirants were shortlisted without giving their names. He, however, emphasised that no one was disqualified nor eliminated from the primary. He also hinted that the names may be reduced to two before the primary. “Yes, they shortlisted but never disqualified or eliminated any aspirant. What they did is similar to what the screening committee did. They just recommended aspirants that will make APC remain in power,” he said.(Punch). Some APC governors ABUJA - All Progressives Congress (APC) governors have submitted the names of five presidential aspirants to President Muhammadu Buhari to select a consensus candidate from, it was reliably gathered this morning, Daily Trust reports. A reliable source told this paper that the governors submitted the names in… In "Top Stories" President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday, asked presidential aspirants of the All Progressives Congress to consult among themselves and choose a formidable candidate before the party’s presidential primary on Monday. According to a statement signed by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, the President gave the advice during… In "Top Stories" Abuja - The composition of the delegates that will elect the presidential candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress on June 6, 2022 remains a subject of controversy as a Federal High Court in Kano State, on Friday, ruled that Section 84 of the Electoral Act did not prevent statutory… In "Top Stories"