By SALISU SANI-IDRIS ABUJA- The Tinubu Support Organisation (TSO), has appointed the FCT Minister of State, Dr Ramatu Aliyu, as it patron, ahead of 2023 general poll.Mr Austine Elemue, the Special Assistant on Media to the minister, in a statement on Wednesday in Abuja, said the Director General of the group, Mr Aminu Suleiman, presented the appointment letter to the minister. Suleiman said that said the appointment was in recognition of the minister’s immense supports and contributions toward the attainment of the group’s aims and objectives due to her believe in Tinubu’s political ideologies.He expressed the hope that the appointment would serve as a motivation for the minister to continue to put in her utmost for the realisation of the organisation’s objectives.“I am pleased to inform you that you are appointed as a PATRON, Tinubu Support Organisation.“This is in recognition of your immense love and believe in Tinubu’s Political ideologies as well as your immeasurable supports and contributions toward the attainment of the Tinubu Support Organisation’s aims and objectives.“The terms and conditions of your appointment as well as your expected duties shall be as contained in the constitution of the organisation.“It is my hope and believe that this appointment will serve as a motivation gear for you to continue to put in your utmost for the realisation of the organisation’s objectives,” he said.In her acceptance remarks, the minister expressed optimism that the group would attain its goal of ensuring the victory of APC in 2023 presidential poll.“With dedication, commitment and handwork, we will get there in no distant time.“That is to say, even in absentia, the basic thing we want to hear is to see Tinubu emerge as the president of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. May God see us through,” he said. (NAN) By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE •Senator Bola Tinubu ABUJA- Sen. Bola Tinubu, a frontline presidential aspirant of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Monday appeared before the party’s John Odigie-Oyegun-led seven-man Presidential Screening Committee.According to a statement issued by Mr Bayo Onanuga, Director-General Tinubu Campaign Organisation, the former two-term Lagos State governor… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Senate President, Dr Bukola Saraki, has said he voted against a Muslim-Muslim presidential ticket when the All Progressives Congress was consulting on who would be chosen as the then party’s candidate and running mate in 2014. In a statement by the Head… In "Top Stories" By AKEEM ABAS Mr AKEEM Agbaje IBADAN- Mr Akeem Agbaje, an All Progressives Congress(APC) chieftain in Oyo State has felicitated with Sen. Bola  Tinubu on his emergence as the party’spresidential candidate. This is contained in a statement he personally signed and made available to newsmen on Friday in Ibadan. The… In "Politics"