…As Kwenev Community Gets Boreholes, Health Centre By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -. Benue State Governor Samuel Ortom has approved immediate drilling of four standard boreholes for the people of Kwenev in Kaambe Council Ward of Guma Local Government Areas to address  their water challenges. He gave the approval on  Saturday, (June 4th, 2022) when the community hosted him for his efforts in developing the community and the State at large. According to the statement signed by the Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur made available to Sundiata Post on Saturday, the Governor also vowed that no amount of intimidation and deprivation by enemies of the state will deter him from fighting for the rights of the people . The Governor has therefore directed the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Finance, Mr. Frank Usaadi who hails from the area to follow it up immediately to fastrack the execution of the directive. On the health clinic in the area that was abandoned midway, he disclosed that due to poor execution of work carried out by the contractor,  the facility would be reconstructed for it to commence  health services to the people. He announced that all the equipment needed for the clinic had been bought and would immediately be deployed for the reconstruction . The Governor also directed that the six kindred heads that make up Kwenev council ward be provided with a motorcycle each to ease their movement and facilitate their work of administering the area. Governor Ortom expressed appreciation to the Kwenev people, who are his maternal home, for standing with his Government to succeed and assured that he would continue to work hard to address the security challenges confronting them. Earlier, the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Finance, Mr. Frank Usaadi who spoke for the community requested for  the provision of potable water for the people and reconstruction of the clinic which he said was abandoned. In another development, Governor Ortom at the burial of a political associate in Saghev Council Ward of Guma local government, Titus Unde Igyor said that the priority of the people who voted him twice as Governor was to  protect them against external aggression and would continue to do so without minding threats to his life. He noted that due to his stand against Fulani herdsmen who enjoys protection from  the Federal Government, several attempts have been made to assassinate him just as  the state is  deprived of legitimate benefits. According to the  Governor , “the persistent attacks and gruesome killings of innocent people was to intimidate the state into giving up their ancestral lands for Fulani herdsmen to continue with their open grazing”. He encouraged the people of the area to be ready to support the Community Volunteer Guards which will be launched by the end of this  month (June) to enable the security outfit complement the efforts of conventional  agencies in protecting lives and properties. Governor Ortom described the death of Mr. Titus Unde Igyor as painful, stressing that his death has created a vacuum in his community, the church and political family but said no body can question the will of God . In their separate funeral orations, member House of Representatives for Makurdi-Guma, Mr. Benjamin Mzondu, member House of Assembly for Guma, Mr. William Ortyom and Ter Guma Chief Dennis Ishemberga said the deceased lived an upright life and contributed immensely to the development of the community.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has charged communities in the state to always be ready to protect government infrastructures in their domain. According to the statement signed by the Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur made available to Sundiata Post on Thursday, the Governor… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has sued for unity among the people of the state irrespective of their political affiliations for the state to successfully defeat its common enemy. According to the statement signed by the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Nathaniel… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja -. Barring last-minute changes, the new Och'Idoma, Dr. John Eliagwu will be formally coronated end of June this year.  The Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom disclosed this Monday, May 9th, 2022 at the temporary Palace of the paramount ruler in Otukpo after inspecting the ongoing reconstruction… In "News"