By NATHAN NWAKAMMA YENAGOA- An  APC support group in Bayelsa, has expressed optimism on the political prowess of the party’s presidential candidate to win the 2023 presidential polls. The group , Pastor Reuben Initiative for Good Leadership and Accountability, (PRIFGLA), applauded the emergence of  APC national leader, Bola Tinubu as APC Presidential flag bearer in the 2023 elections.The group expressed its views in a statement signed by its founder, Pastor Reuben Wilson and made available in Yenagoa on Wednesday.PRIFGLA said it believed that the Presidential candidate would use his over three decades of political experience as a competent administrator, to secure landslide victory for the party in the forthcoming general elections.Wilson also expressed optimism that Tinubu would deploy his pragmatic and result-oriented leadership to pilot Nigeria to the desired greatness. “The Pastor Reuben Initiative for Good Leadership and Accountability wishes to congratulate His Excellency, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu on his emergence as the APC Presidential Candidate.“We also wish to use this medium to congratulate Ebitimi Amgbare, who is a member of our Advisory Council and the leader of the Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu political family in Bayelsa State.” We are optimistic that our Presidential Candidate will use his wealth of experience and competence to secure a landslide victory in the forthcoming general elections for the party. “We also believe that he shall be able to use  his pragmatic Leadership to pilot Nigeria to the desired greatness. “We have total confidence in his candidature and his result-oriented leadership to enthrone the Nigeria of our dreams. “We are calling on all patriotic Nigerians to massively vote for Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu as President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria in the forthcoming presidential election to enable Nigerians to enjoy his pragmatic leadership and robust wealth of experience.“It is our firm conviction that a Bola Tinubu presidency is certainly for the betterment of all patriotic Nigerians.” We are also using this medium to call on all members of the Pastor Reuben Initiative for Good Leadership and Accountability in all our branches in the Niger Delta states to mobilise massive support for the Tinubu Presidency.” (NAN) By KADIRI ABDULRAHMAN ABUJA- Tinubu Vanguard, a foremost political support group for All Progressives Congress (APC) says presidential flagbearer of the party, Mr Bola Tinubu, will surely deliver victory for the party.The Director-General of the Tinubu Vanguard, Dr Benjamin Johnny, said this on Thursday in Abuja, during a press conference… In "Politics" By AKEEM ABAS Mr AKEEM Agbaje IBADAN- Mr Akeem Agbaje, an All Progressives Congress(APC) chieftain in Oyo State has felicitated with Sen. Bola  Tinubu on his emergence as the party’spresidential candidate. This is contained in a statement he personally signed and made available to newsmen on Friday in Ibadan. The… In "Politics" By SALISU SANI-IDRIS Bola Tinubu ABUJA- The Tinubu Support Organisation (TSO), has appointed the FCT Minister of State, Dr Ramatu Aliyu, as it patron, ahead of 2023 general poll.Mr Austine Elemue, the Special Assistant on Media to the minister, in a statement on Wednesday in Abuja, said the Director General… In "Politics"