By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – With the emergence of Asiwaju Ahmed Tinubu as the presidential flag-bearer of the ruling All Progressives Congress, (APC), Pastor Reno Omokri has asked the presidential candidate of the opposition People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar to start writing his inaugural speech because in his words, Tinubu is a flawed candidate. The Aide to former president Goodluck Jonathan on New Media, who said he doesn’t see Tinubu stopping Atiku from winning the 2023 election, hinted that he spent time and serious money campaigning for Tinubu, because he knew Osinbajo would be harder to defeat than Tinubu as the latter is not popular outside of South West. Reno who stated this in a series of tweets, stressed that the real challenge characterising Tinubu’s candidacy is the fact that a northern Christian Vice President won’t get Northern votes and that contemplation of Muslim-Muslim ticket will be a hard product to sale. Justifying his postulations, Reno said: “Southern votes will determine the 2023 election and with Kwankwaso’s entry into the Presidential race, Northern votes would be split between HE Atiku and Kwankwaso. Adding that APC just handed PDP a gift in form of a candidate that is not popular outside the South West. The tweets read: As far as I see, HE Atiku should start writing his inauguration speech. If God spares his life, I don’t see Tinubu stopping him from winning the 2023 election. I spent time and serious money campaigning for Tinubu, because I knew Osinbajo would be harder to defeat! Now that the APC fell into our trap and picked Tinubu, we are overjoyed. Tinubu is a flawed candidate. But that is not even the challenge. Who will be his vice? A Northern Christian won’t get Northern votes. And he can’t survive a Muslim-Muslim ticket! Because of Kwankwaso’s entry into the Presidential race, Northern votes would be split between HE Atiku and Kwankwaso. Southern votes will determine the 2023 election. The APC just handed us a gift: a candidate that is NOT popular outside the SW. I could kiss them! Senator Bukola Saraki has congratulated Prof. Yemi Osinbajo on his emergence as the Vice Presidential candidate/running mate of General Muhammad Buhari under the All Progressive Congress (APC). In a statement made available to SundiataPost, Saraki said "The emergence of Professor Yemi Osinbajo - a Professor of Law; a well-ranked academician;… In "News" A Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, Segun Osinkolu, has declared that any attempt to bring down or rubbish the party’s National Leader, Aiswaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu, will backfire. Osinkolu, an ex-Senatorial aspirant, advised the party to immediately address the leadership tussle in the National Assembly which, he said, could… In "News" The All Progressives Congress (APC) has appointed former Head of State, General Muhammadu Buhari, ex-Vice President, Atiku Abubakar and former Lagos State Governor, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu into its Board of Trustees (BoT). Other top party leaders who made the over 74 membership of the BoTare, former Abia state Governor, Dr.… In "News"