BENIN – Following the protest by students of Ambrose Alli University (AAU), Ekpoma, over the lingering strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), the Edo State Government at the State Executive Council meeting, on Wednesday, suspended all union activities across all state-owned institutions of higher learning. In a statement, Secretary to the State Government, Osarodion Ogie Esq., said the affected unions include ASUU, Non-Academic Staff of Universities (NASU), Senior Staff Association of Nigeria Universities (SSANU), Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics (ASUP), Non-Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics and all allied unions operating across all state-owned tertiary institutions. Ogie noted, “By this notice, academic activities are to resume in all state-owned institutions and all cadre of staff are directed to report to their duty posts immediately. “Students across all state-owned tertiary institutions are expected to resume for lectures as necessary measures have been taken to ensure resumption of academic and non-academic activities.” He added: “Management of the affected institutions have been mandated to pay all outstanding salaries immediately. “The management of Ambrose Alli University, Ekpoma, is hereby directed to implement a no-work-no-pay policy, declare vacant and advertise the position of any staff that refuses to resume work in line with this directive.” (MetrowatchExtra) OWERRI - Prof. Valene Obinna, Media Director, Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Imo State University Chapter, says the strike called by the union will not be called off until all unpaid salaries are settled. Obinna told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Owerri on Monday that the union… In "News" IBADAN – Dr Dipo Fashina, former President, Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), on Sunday said that the union would collaborate with other bodies to organise a National Education Summit in Abuja. Fashina, who is also the Chairman, Local Organising Committee of the summit, told newsmen in Ibadan that the… In "News" Lagos - The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Lagos Zone, on Wednesday urged Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode of Lagos State to immediately constitute a visitation panel to the Lagos State University (LASU), Ojo. Dr Adesola Nasir, ASUU Zonal Coordinator, made the plea at a media briefing in Lagos. Nasir said… In "News"