By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom on Wednesday, June 1st, 2022 inspected ongoing work at the multi millio naira  newly built Molecular Diagnostic Laboratory located at Epidemiology Unit and is awaiting Commissioning. According to the statement signed by Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur, the Governor who was accompanied by the Deputy Governor, Engr Benson Abounu and some members of the state executive council were taken round the complex by the State Commissioner for Health and  Human Services, Dr Joseph Ngbea. They were briefed by the Consultant Scientist, Chioma Ezioma on the workings of various sections of the diagnostic laboratory. Governor Ortom and his entourage were taken round the various units of the laboratory by the consultant scientist, Chioma Ezioma. She briefed the Governor and his team about the workings of various units which included the Cold room, Freezer Room, Ante Room, Waste Management and Data Room as well as the service area which comprises the Generator House and the 35 kilowats Solar Panel installed for the laboratory. The Governor who was visibly pleased with the level of work done on the Laboratory, also charged the contractor to hasten up the job so as to enable the centre to be commissioned and put to use. The Molecular Diagnostic Laboratory will serve as a center for the testing of Covid-19, Lassa Fever, Ebola Virus, TB and other comunicable diseases.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Governor Samuel Ortom has again expressed the determination of his administration to promote deserving civil servants to enable them give their best in serving the state. He gave the assurance Monday, March 28th, 2022 while swearing-in Chairman and members of the Benue State… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -. Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has assured all aspirants in the forthcoming party primaries scheduled to elect candidates for next year's general election of fairness and transparency.  Governor Ortom gave the assurances at the enlarged caucus meeting of the party held Sunday, May… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has again expressed optimism that Nigerians would prefer to vote-in a candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP) as the country's next president in 2023. The Governor spoke Thursday, May 19th, 2022 when he received the Governor of… In "Top Stories"