Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The ICPC operatives reportedly recovered over a billion naira from Buratai, who is now Nigeria’s Ambassador to Benin Republic. The anti-graft agency also recovered over 50 luxury watches, including at least two Rolex varieties, from the former army boss. According to sources, the Nigerian Financial Intelligence Unit (NFIU) had alerted the ICPC when it commenced a probe of an alleged military contractor named Salisu. An ICPC source said: “NFIU discovered that N500 million was paid into Salisu’s account at once and quickly flagged it. “When Salisu was queried he said he was a military contractor, but he was unable to show any evidence of carrying out any contract for the military.” The NFIU later transferred the case to the ICPC who proceeded to carry out more investigation and the raid, which occurred last week. Sahara Reporters had first reported the raid on Thursday night, which put the recovered funds at about N1.85 billion. The ICPC had conducted a raid on Salisu’s home, recovering “hundreds of millions of naira, all in new notes,” a source told Peoples Gazette. One of the source said: “We discovered that the place is owned by Buratai and he has been working with the man to loot military funds for many years. “It is unfortunate that Nigerian soldiers are suffering at the war front due to lack of equipment.” Speaking to the publication, Buratai said no warrant was obtained to search his house. “Nobody obtained any warrants to search my place,” he said. Buratai however disconnected the call when quizzed on whether or not he was confirming the raid and cash recovery from his property. By Kingsley Chukwuka Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Deputy Chairman, House Committee on Anti-corruption, Hon. Dachung Bagos (PDP-Plateau), on Tuesday made a strong case for proper funding of agencies fighting corruption in the country. Bagos stated this during an interaction with Journalists in Jos. He promptly said it is an “under… In "Top Stories" According to a report by The PUNCH, the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission has accused senators and members of the House of Representatives of using medical outreach to divert and steal public funds. Investigations by the commission revealed that most of the federal lawmakers had rechristened their… In "Politics" •President Muhammadu Buhari In the build-up to the 2015 presidential election, there was the need to formally introduce Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retired) who had emerged the candidate of the All Progressive Congress, APC, to some editors. The venue was the State House, Marina, Lagos and he was led to… In "Opinion"