By Emmanuel Yashim Ukraine’s state nuclear company Energoatom on Tuesday criticised an International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) plan to send a delegation to a Russian-occupied nuclear plant in southern Ukraine, saying it “did not invite” such a visit. “We consider this message from the head of the IAEA as another attempt to get to the (power plant) by any means in order to legitimise the presence of occupiers there and essentially condone all their actions,” Energoatom wrote on the Telegram messaging app. Director-General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Rafael Grossi on Friday proposed to head the expert visit to the Russian-occupied Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant (NPP) “as soon as possible”. Taking to Twitter, the agency informed that the necessary consultations are underway after Ukraine was informed about the “difficult conditions” under which Ukrainian specialists are working in the NPP. The decision comes after Grossi on Thursday announced that he will meet the Russian representatives to discuss a visit to Zaporizhzhia in the coming days. “Ukraine formally informed the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) today about the situation at the Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Power Plant (NPP), which is controlled by Russian forces but still operated by its Ukrainian staff,” Grossi said in a statement released by the apex nuclear power plant monitoring agency. Citing Ukrainian authorities, the agency also flagged that Rosenergoatom – a unit of Russian state nuclear company Rosatom – had sent a group of 8 nuclear specialists to the Zaporizhzhya NPP. The Russian experts have reportedly demanded daily reports from plant management about “confidential issues” on the functioning of the NPP. (Reuters/NAN) Vienna - UN Nuclear Watchdog Chief, Yukiya Amano, is dead, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said on Monday in Vienna. This happened, the day he had been expected to announce he would step down early because of an illness that had visibly weakened him over the past year. The… In "Foreign" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Invading Russian forces early Friday, March 4, 2022, set Ukraine’s Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant, the largest in Europe, on fire. Mayor Dmytro Orlov of nearby Enerhodar says the fire was caused by “continuous enemy shelling”. The International Atomic Energy Agency says essential equipment is still working… In "Top Stories" Hardliners in Iran’s parliament want to limit cooperation with the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). Although, a resolution is in sight regarding talks with the U.S. about ending sanctions linked to Iran’s nuclear programme. “The IAEA had three months to fulfil its obligations … it did not do so and… In "Foreign"