By POLYCARP AUTAJOS- The Fellowship of Churches of Christ in Nigeria, also known as Tarayyar Ekklesiyoyin Kristi a Nijeria (TEKAN), has condemned the killings of innocent citizens in Ondo, Benue, Kaduna, Borno, Plateau and other parts of the country.The Fellowship made the condemnation in a statement jointly signed by Rev. Caleb Ahima  and Rev. Moses Ebuga, its President and General Secretary.The statement was issued on Tuesday in Jos.The group decried the spate of killings and other forms of insecurity in the country and urged the Federal Government and the security agencies to intensify efforts towards addressing the menace.”The security challenges in the country are almost at the highest level in the history of the country; we have daily killings of citizens.”The recent killing of worshippers in a Catholic Church in Owo, Ondo State and the ongoing killings in Benue is very worrisome and unacceptable.”This is a matter of great concern to the Fellowship and as a family,  we are calling on the goverment and the security agencies to do the needful.”The killings of people  in Borno, Southern Kaduna,  Plateau, Taraba and other states is unacceptable and we call on President Muhammadu Buhari and the security chiefs to act swiftly to prevent the nation from derailing into a state of anarchy. ”The group also called on the Plateau Government to intensify efforts to ensure the safe return of Rev. Fr. James Kantoma,  a priest of the Catholic Archdiocese of Jos,  who was kidnapped on Sunday night at his residence in Angware,  Jos East Local Government Area of the state.The Fellowship also advised political parties in the country to ensure justice, equity and fairness, particularly in the choice of running mates for their presidential candidates ahead of the 2023 general polls”We wish to add our voice on the ongoing agitation for a Muslim-Muslim or Christian-Christian ticket in the country.”As a Fellowship,  we stand to condemn such calls and stress that the diversity and religious sensitivity in our country at this material time cannot  allow for such proposal.”There is the need to consider both religion in our choice for leadership of our country,” it stated.The group advised Christians across the nation to be prayerful and law abiding, adding that the leadership of the church would continue to speak against injustice in the nation. (NAN) By Polycarp Auta Jos - The Fellowship of Churches of Christ in Nigeria also known as the Tarayyar Ekjlesiyoyin Kristi A Nijeriya (TEKAN) has called on the Federal Government to intensify efforts toward ending banditry, kidnapping and other forms of insecurity. The fellowship made the call in a communique it… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -. The Governing Council of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has condemned in its entirety the spate of killings and total disregard to the sanctity of human lives being perpetrated by various criminals within the country. It therefore called on the Federal Government… In "Top Stories" By SEGUN GIWA •Pastor Akin Olotu Akure- Pastor Akin Olotu, Senior Special Assistant (SSA) to Ondo State Governor on Agric and Agribusiness, says government has concluded plans to encourage more youths into agriculture to discourage the scourge of money ritual killings among them.Olotu stated this in his office on Thursday… In "Business"