By AHMED KAIGAMA BAUCHI- Police Command in Bauchi State has confirmed the attack and  abduction of Village Head of Zira, Alhaji Yahya Abubakar and his son, Habibu Saleh in Toro Local Government Area in the state. This is contained in a statement by the Spokesman of the Command, SP Ahmed Wakil, made available to newsmen on Monday in Bauchi. He said the gunmen attacked the village, under Rishi Police Division, a border village with Plateau State, at 2 a.m. on Saturday. Wakil said the police search team was on the trail in the forests of the area. “The command has since dispatched a team of detectives and other police officers to rescue the victims and presently our men are combing the bush in search of the abducted victims. “We assure residents that the abducted persons shall soon be rescued,” he said. The spokesman also said the  Commissioner of Police, Umar Sanda, had directed the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) to work assiduously  to rescue the abducted victims. He appealed to the general public to remain calm and go about their normal businesses and cooperate with the Police authorities. Wakil also called on the public to report suspected movement of people as well as suspicious people to the police or security agencies in the area.(NAN) By AHMED KAIGAMA Bauchi- The Police Command Bauchi has arrested three suspects over the mysterious murder of Bauchi Local Government area Chairman, Alhaji Hussain Gwabba, in the state.This is contained in a statement by the Command Spokesman SP Ahmed Wakil, made available to Newsmen in Bauchi.He said preliminary investigation into… In "Metro" BAUCHI - A pastor has allegedly been injured and many houses burnt by irate youths who went on the rampage over alleged blasphemy in the Katangan area of Warji Local Government Area of Bauchi State. Details of the incident were still sketchy as of the time of filing this report.… In "Top Stories" By IKECHUKWU IWEAJUNWA Professor Adiele Jachimike OWERRI- The Imo Police command has clarified that Prof. Adiele Jachimike, a staff member of Boss FM radio, was arrested by policemen from Owerri Area Command, not abducted by gunmen as being claimed.The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) CSP Mike Abattam disclosed this in… In "News"