NEW YORK – The sun set on Saturday (today) on the phenomenal life of Dr. Mike Omotosho, founder of Sustainable Health Initiative (SHI). He reportedly died in New York of undisclosed illness. He was aged 52, having been born on 14 January 1970. A source close to Omotosho, who spoke to LEADERSHIP, said: “He was sick for a while. The last time we spoke, he said he’s doing fine that he will soon be back to Nigeria.” Omotosho was a Distinguished Toastmaster (DTM) and was the charter president of the Unity Toastmasters Club, Abuja, the first Toastmasters club in Northern Nigeria. Announcing his death on Saturday night on Division E WhatsApp platform, Patrick Oluyide, District  Director  2021-2022, District 94 wrote: “Dear Toastmasters,“It is with a heavy heart that I announce to you the passing of Past District Governor, Dr. Mike Omotosho, DTM. “Our District  has lost an indefatigable builder, a committed Toastmaster, and an outstanding  leader who would stop at nothing to ensure that Toastmasters  values and the Toastmasters learning experience reaches all the ends of West and Central Africa. “In this moment of grief, we extend our heartfelt condolences  to his family and friends. Please have them in your thoughts and prayers. “Dr. Mike Omotosho, DTM  was born on the 14th January, 1970. “Served as Secretary General to the Hepatitis Zero Commission & Special Envoy to the UN until his passing “He was the Pioneer Governor, Toastmasters International, District 94. He was also the Charter (founding) President of Unity Toastmasters club, Abuja, Nigeria. “He also served as  Governor  for Rotary International, District 9125”. Treasure Oghor, a Past Assistant Governor, Rotary International, District 9125, made announcement of Omotosho’s transition on behalf of the District Governor, Ayo Oyedokun.Oyedokun consoled the Omotosho family and the Rotary Club of Abuja Metro, the late Omotosho’s club on the death of Past District Governor Omotosho. Omotosho was national chairman of the Labour Party of Nigeria from 2015-2016. He also contested the 2015 general elections in Kwara State where he came third in the governorship election. He was also Governor of Rotary International District 9125 from 2015 to 2016. Omotosho set up the Mike Omotosho Foundation to alleviate poverty and empower youths through training and community development programmes. By MATEEN BADRU Lagos- Rotary International, District 9110 on Saturday presented wheelchairs to about 20 beneficiaries in Lagos.During the presentation, the District Governor, Mr Remi Bello commended the Wheelchair Committee for the efforts and also advised the beneficiaries not to trade or transfer the wheelchairs.“I don’t always accept the word… In "News" •Esu of Gidan Gimba and Anne Uche Obi, President of the Rotary Club of Abuja CBD on Saturday at the monarch's Palace •From left: Rotarian Helen Bassey, Rotarian Nancy Nneka Ibekwe, Rotarian Salome Garba and Rotarian Jesse Yuan at the Palace of the Esu of Gidan Gimba during the outreach… In "Top Stories" Jos - The District 9125 of Rotary International has set up mobile health camps to meet the health needs of Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in Abuja, its Governor, Dr Mike Omotosho, has said. Omotosho told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Jos on Saturday that the mobile camps were… In "News"