By CECILIA OLOGUNAGBA NEW YORK – Nigerians working at the United Nations (UN) headquarters In New York on Monday mourned the Amb. Ejeviome Otobo, a retired diplomat with the UN and prayed God to grant Otobo’s soul eternal rest. Otobo, 70, was declared missing on June 15, by the Tuckahoe Police Department, New York, and  later announced on Thursday that he had been found dead. Otobo, a career diplomat, retired in the UN headquarters having served as a Director and Deputy Head, UN Peacebuilding Support Office (PBSO) of the Peacebuilding Commission at the UN Headquarters from 2006 to 2013. Until his death, he was a Non-Resident Senior Fellow in Peacebuilding and Global Governance Institute in Brussels, Belgium. Some Nigerians who spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in New York described him as a good man who was dedicated to him work while in service. They prayed for the repose of his soul and for God to grant comfort and strength to his loved ones. Mr Bolade Sobola, President of UN Staff Recreation Club Nigeria (UNSRC), described the late Otobo as a through bred diplomat and international civil servant. “We have gone to pay his family condolence visit to express how much we will miss his intellectual and valued advice, which he freely offered whenever we approached him. “The loss is not his family’s only, but Nigeria’s, Africa’s and the world’s,’’ Sobola said. Simliarly, Mr Smart Olasehinde, a Nigerian with the Special Investigation Unit of the Department of Security and Safety (UNDSS), described him as a kind person who embraced people regardless of their ranks. “Several time, he came to my post to visit me despite that he was above me in hierarchy. “He was a great mentor and fountain of knowledge that I would like to drink from him at all times,’’ he said. Olasehinde told NAN that Otobo’s demise was a rude shock to him, saying, “I am still in disbelieve, hoping that it will be one of my bad dreams that am yet to wake up from.’’ Otobo joined the UN after a distinguished career in the diplomatic service of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. During the course of his diplomatic career, he served on the Policy Planning “ •Late former Nigerian diplomat, Ambassador Ejeviome Otobo NEW YORK - The police in Tuckahoe, New York, United States, have found the body of a former Nigerian diplomat, Ambassador Ejeviome Otobo, who was last seen in the community on June 15. The Tuckahoe Police Department on June 19 announced in a… In "Top Stories" .... Describes late statesman as an enigma and political octopus whose brand of politics remained a puzzle .... Adds that Nzeribe would earn colour-chapters when political history of Nigeria will be chronicled By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - All Progressives Congress presidential hopeful, Senator Rochas Okorocha has received the… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko New York (Sundiata Post) – Ambassador Tijjani Muhammad-Bande, the Nigeria’s Permanent Representative to the United Nations has emerged President of the 74th UN General Assembly. According to the Nigerian Observer, Muhammad-Bande, the sole candidate for the position, was elected through acclamation at the 87th plenary meeting of… In "Top Stories"