By ADEYEMI ADELEYE LAGOS- Mr Oluwagbenga Abiola,  Vice Chairman, Agege Local Government Area of  Lagos State, says  Nigerians will never regret supporting Sen. Bola Tinubu, the APC Presidential Candidate in the 2023 general election. Abiola, a 34-year-old Nigerian youth and former youngest sole administrator of the council, said this on Friday while congratulating Tinubu on his victory at the APC Presidential primary election held on Wednesday. According to him, Tinubu’s vision, ideology and large heart will put smiles on the faces of Nigerians if he wins the forthcoming general elections in 2023. “We say a big congratulations to our leader, father, and mentor Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu. “We thank God Almighty for this victory and most importantly, for setting this life long ambition on the wheels to speed up the recovery of our nation to her land of destiny. “Of a true, there is hope at the end of the tunnel for Nigerian masses when Tinubu emerges winner in 2023. Abiola said that Tinubu’s victory was another proof that God was with him, due to his love for  poor masses. Abiola said: “God has not finished with Tinubu yet just as he has also not finished with God’s purpose for Nigeria and her masses. “Vision is truly your purpose in pictures, and like they say, it’s not a vision if people don’t doubt it. “Alot of people doubted your sagacity and capacity to pull this through, even some praise singers in their closest say ‘ it is not possible’. They forgot that with God all things are possible.” According to him, Tinubu remains a political institution that will continue to produce graduands who will key into his vision of great life-changing policies and ideologies. He said that Tinubu had the spine to take courageous decisions to better lives of vulnerable Nigerians “I have no doubt in my mind that come 2023, you will lead our great party to victory. “Be sure that we, your soldiers, who you have mentored, have discovered disciples to spread the gospel of value that you carry,” Abiola said. He prayed God to see Tinubu through in the forthcoming elections. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that Tinubu, one of the national leaders of the ruling party,  defeated 13 other presidential aspirants including Vice President Yemi Osinbajo to clinch the APC ticket. (NAN) By OLUWATOPE LAWANSON Senator Tokunbo Abiru LAGOS- Sen. Tokunbo Abiru (APC – Lagos East )  says the All Progressives Congress (APC) made the best decision in choosing Sen. Bola Tinubu as its  2023 Presidential Candidate.Abiru  who congratulated Tinubu, a former Lagos State governor  on his emergence,  also said that APC… In "Politics" By ISMAILA CHAFEABUJA- President Muhammadu Buhari has presented the  All Progressives Congress (APC) Victory Flag  to  Asiwaju  Bola Tinubu, winner of the just concluded party’s presidential primary election.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that delegates of the APC at the convention elected the former Lagos State governor as APC … In "Politics" Atiku (left) and Tinubu ABUJA - Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, national leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, and frontline presidential aspirant,  has congratulated former Vice President Atiku Abubakar for emerging as the flag bearer of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, following the primary conducted at the Moshood Abiola… In "Politics"