Abuja – The Taraba State Police Command on Thursday announced the arrest of a suspect, Usman Bala, over the bomb explosion at a drinking spot at Iware Cattle Market, Nukkai, Jalingo. The state Commissioner of Police, Abimbola Sokoya, announced the arrest of the suspect at a press briefing at the command’s headquarters in Jalingo. Sokoya said, “The suspect had attempted to kill one Usman Yaki of Gunduma village and the police were alerted. In collaboration with vigilantes, he was subdued and arrested. “In the course of our investigation, the suspect confessed to being a member of the Boko Haram sect operating in Niger, Kogi, and now Taraba State. “We recovered 198 pieces of 7.6mm live ammunition, 558 assault live ammunition, one pistol breech CZ 999 scorpion with six rounds of live ammunition, and 20 plastic bottles of sodium azide acid from him. “Other items recovered from the suspect included eight plastic bottles of Kermi acid, 27 bottles of locally-made bombs, and lighters, among others.” The police spokesperson said efforts were on to arrest the suspect’s gang members, identified as Abubakar Lawal and Abdullahi Garba. In an interview with journalists, the suspect said eight of his members were still at large and confessed to have carried out attacks in parts of the state. Usman, an indigene of Kebbi State, told journalists that some of his gang members were from Yobe State. Punch By MOHAMMED TIJJANI Kaduna- The Police in Kaduna State confirmed the arrest of a serving councilor, AK-47 with rounds of 7.62 X 39mm live ammunitions in Soba Local Government Area(LGA) of Kaduna State.This is contained in a statement issued by the Command’s Public Relations Officer,(PPRO) Muhammad Jalige, in Kaduna.“Operatives Operation Puff… In "Metro" ABUJA - Nigerian Police operatives have intercepted over 52 firearms, including AK-47 rifles hidden in bags of beans, on their way to the South-Eastern part of the country. Also, no fewer than 23 suspects were nabbed for various crimes. Two of the suspects were among the killers of Alhaji Sagir… In "Metro" ....Recover 23 Rifles, 2,200 Live Ammunition, 3 stolen cars, cash sum of 1.8 million naira  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Usman Alkali Baba, has lauded the results of efforts emplaced to roll back the negative trend of crimes, commended the Force Intelligence Bureau… In "Top Stories"