ABUJA – The Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, and his Delta State counterpart, Senator Ifeanyi Okowa, have arrived the national headquarters of the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Abuja. Their purpose is to attend the party’s vice presidential screening scheduled to hold at the Wadata Plaza. Also shortlisted for screening is the Akwa Ibom State Governor, Udom Emmanuel. There were reports on Wednesday that a committee headed by the PDP Deputy Chairman, Ambassador Umaru Damagun, had on Tuesday nominated Wike as the running mate of former Vice-President Atiku Abubakar when 13 out of the 17 members voted in favour of the Rivers State governor. PDP spokesman, Debo Ologunagba, however dismissed the reports. “The party is going through its processes. When it comes in a name, it will be announced. We don’t rely on rumour, we don’t work on that, in the next couple of hours or probably just before the expiration of the time, we will come out with a position and the name will be announced,” he said. (News Express)  Atiku (right) and Nyesom Wike exchanging pleasantries ABUJA - A panel has recommended Rivers State Governor Nyesom Wike as running mate to Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar. It took the decision yesterday after a marathon meeting of the National Advisory Committee, an ad-hoc panel set up by… In "Politics" •Frontline PDP 2023 presidential aspirants. Top from left: Bukola Saraki, Atiku Abubakar, Peter Obi, Aminu Tambuwal; Down from left: Udom Emmanuel, Dele Momodu, Bala Mohammed and Nyesom Wike ABUJA - Anxiety  is mounting in the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) as it finalises plans to screen 17 aspirants who obtained Expression… In "Politics" By STEPHEN ADELEYE •Governor. Nyesom Wike Lokoja- The River State Governor, Nyesom Wike, has advised delegates of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), against voting for any aspirant known for cross carpeting from one party to another for vaulting ambition.Wike gave the advice on Wednesday in Lokoja when he met with… In "Politics"