By ISMAILA CHAFE MADRID- President Muhammadu Buhari has arrived in Madrid, Spain, on a State Visit at the invitation of the Spanish President, Pedro Sanchez. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the the Presidential aircraft, which left Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport Abuja at about 3.30 p.m., conveying the president and some members of his entourage, landed at Torrejon Airbase, Madrid, at 10 p.m. (local time). NAN reports that President Buhari, who was welcomed by top Spanish government officials and the leadership of the Nigerian Embassy in Spain, is officially visiting Spain for the first time since the inception of his administration seven years ago. While in Madrid, the Nigerian leader will also meet with the Head of State of the Spanish nation, His Majesty King Felipe VI. An earler statement by the President’s spokesman, Mr Femi Adesina, on Tuesday, said during his engagements with both leaders, the Nigerian President would discuss issues of mutual interest to both countries. Adesina said this would expectedly result in the signing of Agreements and Memoranda of Understanding on a wide range of topics geared towards further enhancing the bilateral relations between the two nations. Such areas, according to him, include Extradition and transfer of convicted persons, Mutual Legal Assistance, Cultural Matters, Cooperation towards fighting crime and enhancing security, as well as issues affecting dependants of diplomatic staff. Also on the agenda are Cooperation on Energy, Trade and Investment, Transportation, Public Health and Sports Development. The President will also be the Special Guest at an Investment Forum jointly organized by the Spanish Chamber of Commerce, the Ministry of Trade, and the Confederation of Employers (CEOE). The Nigerian leader will speak to the gathering of top members of the Spanish business community and their Nigerian counterparts on the investment opportunities in Nigeria. They will also discuss ways of expanding the volume of trade as well as further collaborating for the development of the economies of both countries. Those on the president’s entourage include the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama; Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN); Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Adeniyi Adebayo and the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed. Others are the Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola;  Minister of Youth and Sports Development, Sunday Dare and the Minister of State for Health, Olorunnimbe Mamora. Other members of the delegation are the National Security Adviser, retired Maj.-Gen. Babagana Monguno,  Director-General, National Intelligence Agency (NIA), Amb. Ahmed Rufa’i and Chairman, Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NiDCOM), Abike Dabiri-Erewa. The President is expected back in the country on June 3. (NAN) By ISMAILA CHAFE °President Muhammadu Buhari ABUJA- President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday depart Abuja for Madrid, Spain on a State Visit at the invitation of the Spanish President, Pedro Sanchez. The president’s spokesman, Mr Femi Adesina, confirmed this in a statement in Abuja on Tuesday. According to Adesina, at… In "News" By ISMAILA CHAFE °King Felipe and Queen Letizia ABUJA- King Felipe and Queen Letizia of Spain have sent condolences to President Muhammadu Buhari on the recent tragedy in Port Harcourt, Rivers. Mr Femi Adesina, the President’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, confirmed this in a statement on Tuesday in… In "News" By ISMAILA CHAFE President Muhammadu Buhari Abuja- President Muhammadu Buhari will depart Abuja on Thursday on condolence visit to United Arab Emirates (UAE). Buhari will meet with the new President of the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, to convey his condolences on the passing of… In "News"