LONDON – Paul Pogba says he wants to prove Manchester United wrong after claiming their reported 300,000-a-week pounds (367,000 dollars) offer to keep him at Old Trafford was “nothing”.The 29-year-old France midfielder is expected to return to Juventus when his Manchester United contract expires at the end of this month.In a new Amazon Prime documentary entitled “The Pogumentary”, to be released on Friday, Pogba discusses his future with his former agent Mino Raiola, who died following a long illness in April.In an excerpts, Pogba said: “My thought process is to show Manchester United that they made a mistake in waiting to give me a contract.“And to show other clubs that Manchester United had made a mistake in not offering me a contract.”As revealed in the documentary, Manchester United actually made two offers to extend Pogba’s stay, while Raiola said he had also been in talks with FC Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain (PSG).Pogba is filmed in the documentary asking Raiola whether Manchester United had made a second offer in July 2021.Raiola replied: “Yes. They absolutely want you to stay. For me, the offer doesn’t reflect that. I told them, ‘If you want him to stay, don’t make that offer’.“I will make them understand that if they really want you to stay and they want to build a project around you, this time they have to act differently and put the money on the table.”Pogba added: “They’re bluffing. How can you tell a player you absolutely want him and offer him nothing? Never seen that.”(dpa/NAN) London - Manchester United have reached an agreement with Leicester City to sign centre-back Harry Maguire with a transfer fee of 80 million pounds (96.96 million dollars) agreed, reports on Friday indicate. Should the deal go through, Maguire will become the most expensive defender in the world, surpassing the 75… In "Sports" Real Madrid have issued a statement denying reports they have made a formal offer for Juventus star Paul Pogba. The France international has been the subject of intense speculation linking him with a move to a host of Europe's biggest clubs this summer, with the reigning European champions rumoured to… In "Sports" The Frenchman claims his former club left him out because they thought he wanted to leave and was angered at being asked to train alone and work in the gym. Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba has hit out at former employers Manchester United, accusing the club of disrespect. Pogba's stint at… In "Sports"