By CHIJIOKE OKORONKWO ABUJA- Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Wednesday presided over the meeting of the Federal Executive Council(FEC) at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. President Muhammadu Buhari is on a state visit to Spain. The Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Mr Boss Mustapha and Chief of Staff to the President, Prof. Ibrahim Gambari are attending the council meeting. Ministers at the meeting are those of Education, Adamu Adamu, Federal Capital Territory, Mohammed Bello, Finance, Budget and National Planning, Zainab Ahmed, Labour, Chris Ngige, Police Affairs, Muhammadu Dingyadi and Women Affairs, Pauline Tallen. Others ministers present at the meeting are those of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar  Farouk, Health, Osagie Ehanire, Power, Abubakar Aliyu and Water Resources, Suleiman Adamu. Minister of State for Petroleum, Timipre Sylva and his counterparts in Health, Olorunnimbe Mamora and Labour, Festus Keyamo are also at the meeting. At the last meeting on May 18, FEC approved N169.7billion for the reconstruction of four roads under the tax credit scheme.(NAN) By ISMAILA CHAFEAbuja- The Federal Executive Council (FEC) on Wednesday observed a minute silence in honour of former Minister of communications under Gen. Ibrahim Babangida regime, Olawole Ige, who died at 83.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the meeting was presided over President Muhammadu Buhari at the Council… In "News" By ISMAILA CHAFE •President Muhammadu Buhari Abuja- President Muhammadu Buhari is currently presiding over weekly Federal Executive Council meeting at the Presidential Villa Abuja.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Ministries of Power, Interior, Sports and Youth Development, and Mines and Steel are expected to make presentations at… In "News" By ISMAILA CHAFE •President Muhammadu Buhari Abuja- President Muhammadu Buhari has directed all cabinet members wishing to contest elective posts in the 2023 general elections to resign their appointments on or before Monday.The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, revealed this when he briefed State House correspondents on… In "Politics"