By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -. A founding member of the All Progressives Congress and presidential aspirant, Ogbonnaya Onu, has said that for the sake of justice in the party, the next president of Nigeria should come from the South-East. Onu, who is the immediate past Minister of Science and Technology, urged the All Progressives Congress leaders to ensure justice and fairness in choosing their presidential candidate for the 2023 elections. He recalled that the South-West and South-South regions had produced President and Vice President in the country. The aspirant noted that the South-East had produced neither President nor Vice President. He said, “I am going to build on the work already done by this administration and previous leaders of our great nation. Nigeria is destined by God to be a great nation. Nigeria is a nation to grow enough food for its people and export the surplus, and to ensure our Naira regains the strength it used to have before. “Using science, technology and innovation, encouraging entrepreneurship and ensuring Nigerians are educated; and making it compulsory at the primary and secondary levels, will make Nigeria ranked in the stature of the USA and China. “That is why I decided to run for President and make sure we build a nation that every Nigerian will be happy to be a citizen of. “We will allocate two per cent of the GDP to science, technology and innovation within two years. We will create a N1tn fund for job creation, especially for the youths. “I appeal to the leadership of the APC, you know the role I played in bringing the APC into being. I paid for the money that was used to register for the party (in 2014). We must uphold the motto of the APC to ensure justice, peace and prosperity. “After President Muhammadu Buhari, it should be somebody from the South-East to succeed him; it will strengthen the unity of Nigeria. “The South-West has had eight years as President and Vice President since the inception of this Fourth Republic in 1999; the South-South have had a President in Goodluck Jonathan; where is the justice? We need to do what is right.” Abuja - The composition of the delegates that will elect the presidential candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress on June 6, 2022 remains a subject of controversy as a Federal High Court in Kano State, on Friday, ruled that Section 84 of the Electoral Act did not prevent statutory… In "Top Stories" ....Aspirants number hits 30, 12 pick forms, Amosun unfolds six-point agenda Abuja - The All Progressives Congress has begun moves to adopt the consensus method at its presidential primary due to the high number of presidential aspirants which has almost hit 30, The PUNCH can confirm. Despite the decision of… In "Top Stories" ABUJA - Seven presidential aspirants on the platform of the All Progressives Congress, APC, have dismissed the names of five presidential aspirants purportedly presented to President Muhammadu Buhari for him to select a consensus candidate. The aspirants stressed that they were not consulted before the governors arrived at the decision.… In "Top Stories"