By DAVID ADEOYE IBADAN- The Oyo State Government on Monday declared a three-day mourning period in honor of the victims of the terrorist attack on St. Francis Catholic Church, Owo, Ondo State. The decision, according to a statement by the Secretary to the State Government, Mrs Olubamiwo Adeosun, is in compliance with the communique issued at the end of a virtual meeting of the Governors of the South-West states held on June 10. In view of the decision, Adeosun stated that Gov. Seyi Makinde has approved that flags be flown at half mast from Monday June 13, 2022 to Wednesday, June 15, in honour of the slain victims. The statement quoted the communique signed by Governors Rotimi Akeredolu, Ondo; Kayode Fayemi, Ekiti; Gboyega Oyetola, Osun; Dapo Abiodun, Ogun; Seyi Makinde, Oyo and Babajide Sanwoolu of Lagos. “The governors condemned in very strong terms the horrendous crime perpetrated by terrorists against the people and residents of Owo, Ondo State and by extension the peace-loving people of the South-West. “The governors noted, with great discomfiture, the increasing agitations about spaces taken over by unidentified and unknown migrants in all South-West states, the statement said. The governors meeting recommended an increase in the scope of surveillance of the activities of the undocumented settlers by relevant security agencies in all the states. “The governors, as chief security officers, resolved to continue to assist the security agencies in the areas of crisis management and intelligence gathering at all times. “The governors reviewed reports from various states on the factors militating against peace and security in the region. “They expressed grave concern on the influx of okada riders into all parts of the South-West, especially the state capitals, and further resolved that efforts be geared toward identity management of okada riders and stringent regulations put in place for their operation,” the communiqué  said. It stated that the South-West governors decided to reconvene the South-West Security Committee “to look critically into menace of Okada riders’ influx“. The committee will subsequently submit its findings on the desirability of okada operations in the region, as well as come up with a multi-level template to combat the threat of insurgency and terrorism in the region. (NAN) By MUFTAU OGUNYEMI AKURE- Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has extended the mourning period in the state to Wednesday.This is contained in a statement signed by Mr Richard Olatunde,Chief Press Secretary to the Governor in Akure.Olatunde explained that the extension was sequel to the resolution of the Southwest Governors’… In "News" By MUFTAU OGUNYEMI AKURE- The Nigeria Governors Forum (NGF) has donated N50 million to victims of the attack on Sunday at the St. Francis Catholic Church, Owa-luwa Street, Owo Local Government Area of Ondo State.Chairman of the NGF and Ekiti State Governor, Dr John Kayode Fayemi, made the donation  when… In "News" By KEVIN OKUNZUWAA Governor Godwin Obaseki BENIN- Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo has condemned, in the strongest terms, the weekend’s attack on worshipers at St. Francis Catholic Church in Owo, Ondo State.The governor’s condemnation is contained in a statement by his Special Adviser on Media Project, Mr Crusoe Osagie on… In "News"