United States President Joe Biden falls off his bicycle as he approaches well-wishers following a bike ride at Gordon’s Pond State Park in Rehoboth Beach, Delaware, on June 18, 2022. AFP President of the United States, Joe Biden, tumbled as he was riding his bicycle near his beach home in the state of Delaware Saturday morning, but was unhurt. A video from a White House pool report showed the 79-year-old president immediately getting up after his fall. He then says, “I’m good.” He was biking with First Lady Jill Biden in a state park near their beach home in Rehoboth Beach, Delaware and had stopped to talk to onlookers when he fell. The president told a small crowd of well-wishers and reporters that he had lost his balance as he tried to pull a foot out of a bike clip. The result: “a mad scramble of Secret Service and press,” a White House pool report said, adding there were no visible scrapes or bruises from the fall. “No medical attention is needed,” a White House official said. “The President looks forward to spending the rest of the day with his family.” As the oldest US president, Biden’s health is the subject of constant attention, particularly as speculation rises on whether he will seek a second term in 2024. In November 2021, his doctor gave Biden a clean bill of health, describing him as “healthy” and “vigorous.” Taking a few questions from reporters on Saturday, Biden said he was “in the process of making up my mind” about easing some Trump-era tariffs on Chinese goods in order to soften inflationary pressures. He said he would be speaking to Chinese President Xi Jinping soon. AFP President Vladimir Putin of Russia has been called a war criminal by President Joe Biden of the United States . This comes after Russia invaded Ukraine and started a bloody war that has claimed many lives. Biden called Putin a war criminal while delivering an off the script remark on… In "News" By Cecilia Ologunagba New York - U.S. President Joe Biden, on Thursday, announced Karine Jean-Pierre as White House Press Secretary, making history as the first Black woman to hold the post. Jean-Pierre, 44-year-old daughter of Haitian immigrants, will replace Jen Psaki, who was originally expected to serve for only the… In "Top Stories" President Donald Trump began his final full day in the White House Tuesday with a long list of possible pardons to dish out before snubbing his successor Joe Biden’s inauguration and leaving for Florida. On Wednesday at noon, Biden will be sworn in and the Trump presidency will end, turning… In "Foreign"