By TAIYE OLAYEMI LAGOS – Rap artiste, Abdulrasheed Bello, popularly known as “JJC Skillz”, has announced separation from his actress wife, Funke Akindele-Bello, after seven years of marriage. JJC Skillz took to his official Instagram page, @jjcskillz on Thursday to announce this. He said the last two years of their lives had been extremely difficult, adding that they were now pursuing separate lives. He wrote: “Dear Friends and family, I need to let you know that Funke and I have separated. While it lasted, we shared a lot of things together and have created two beautiful children. “The last two years have been extremely difficult for us. I know I have tried my best to fix things but I believe it is beyond repair now. Months ago and at Funke’s insistence, I moved out of the house and apart from AMVCA, have not been able to get Funke to sit down in an amicable manner to discuss the future of our relationship. “I am making this announcement so that the public is clear that we both are pursuing separate lives. We still have issues that need to be addressed such as the custody and wellbeing of our children which is paramount as well as business interests which need to be disentangled but I have no doubt that these will be resolved one way or the other.” JJC Skillz, however, locked comment section of the post. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the couple who have been married for seven years, gave birth to twin boys in December 2018. (NAN) LAGOS - Popular Nollywood star, Funke Akindele-Bello, has given her fans an insight into the way her family works. The ‘Omo Ghetto’ star revealed that during a disagreement with her husband, Abdulrasheed Bello, fondly called JJC Skillz, she is usually the first to apologise. The actress who recently released her… In "News" By Joshua Olomu Abuja - The National Film and Video Censors Board (NFVCB), regulator Nigeria’ film industry has joined Nollywood stakeholders to appealed to Lagos State Government to grant state pardon to actress Funke Akindele. Alhaji Adebayo Thomas, the Executive Director of NFVCB, said this in an interview with the… In "Entertainment" They came into the industry looking for a source of livelihood but also found love along the line. That is the story of an array of Nigerian actors, actresses, singers and sports men and women who found their better halves while shooting films, interpreting roles, belting out great hits or… In "Entertainment"