By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Deputy President of the Senate and the All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship candidate in Delta State, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege,has picked Mr Ossai Osanebi as his running mate for the 2023 gubernatorial election. Osanebi’s nomination was contained in a statement in Abuja on Thursday, signed by Mr Ima Niboro, Director, Communications and Media Strategy, Delta APC Gubernatorial Campaign Organisation. Recall that Osanebi is currently a ranking member of the Delta House of Assembly, representing the Ndokwa East State Constituency. Niboro expressed optimism that the running mate would add immense value to the ticket. The spokesperson applauded Omo-Agege for having confidence in youth, emphasising that his choice was a testimony of his belief in the ability of the younger generation to drive the needed positive change in the state. Niboro said the wild jubilation that greeted the announcement of Osanebi was a clear indication of his wide acceptance as a grassroots politician. He urged the people of Delta to support the Agege/Osanebi ticket to build the state, stressing that the team had developed a carefully thought-out roadmap to take the state to greater heights. “Our constitution only allows one choice and we know that Rt. Hon. Osanebi is a great choice. “Nonetheless, I am confident that with God on our side and by the electoral will of our people, each eminent person who was considered in the vetting process will be given a chance to add value to public governance in strategic roles after the 2023 general elections. “I am confident that working with Osanebi as our deputy governorship candidate offers the people of Delta, especially our youths, a unique opportunity to repair our broken leadership foundations and build a new Delta. “I humbly urge all our people to embrace this as our real chance for true greatness. We are marching toward the New Delta of our dream, and we are unstoppable,” he said. By NAOMI SHARANG ABUJA-  Sen. Ovie Omo-Agege, APC  Governorship Candidate  in Delta and Deputy Senate President  has picked Mr Ossai Osanebi as his running mate for the 2023 gubernatorial election.Osanebi’s nomination is contained in a statement in Abuja on Thursday, signed by Mr Ima Niboro,Director, Communications and Media Strategy, Delta… In "Politics" By NAOMI SHARANG Ejiro Otarigho ABUJA- Deputy Senate President and Delta APC’s governorship candidate, Sen. Ovie Omo-Agege, has rewarded brave tanker driver, Ejiro Otarigho, with a personal donation of N1 million.On June 10, Otarigho averted monumental disaster when he drove his burning petrol tanker away from a densely-populated area in… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Deputy Senate President, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege, has emerged winner of the All Progressives Congress (APC) primary election in Asaba, the Delta State capital. Senator Omo-Agege emerged victorious after polling 1,190 votes in the Delta State APC governorship primary election. Although he was returned… In "Top Stories"