Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress, Biodun Oyebanji, has expressed optimism of becoming the next governor of Ekiti State. He spoke after voting in the ongoing governorship election in the state The APC candidate was accredited alongside his wife, Prof. Olayemi at ward 06, unit 03, Okelele Area of Ikogosi-Ekiti. He expressed confidence that he will win the contested election with a wide margin. “This is an improvement and my expectation is that I will win . I am happy that there was no case of apathy. The security build up has also been impressive, so the process has been good and fine. “I am coming with a change agenda and my manifesto is clear about the changes I am bringing,” he said. According to Independent National Electoral Commission, there are 988,923 registered voters across 16 Local Government Areas of Ekiti State for election. The election will hold in 2,445 Polling Units in 177 Registration Areas, in three Senatorial Districts, six Federal Constituencies and 26 State Constituencies across the states. A total number of 16 candidates and parties are contesting the governorship election. As of June 13, a total of 749,065 Permanent Voter Cards had been collected by registered voters in the State. The accreditation process shall comprise authentication and verification of voters, using the 3,346 Bimodal Accreditation System (BVAS) deployed by INEC. The accreditation and voting are expected to commence at 8:30 a.m. and close at 2:30 p.m. provided that any voter already in the queue shall be allowed to vote. After an election and completion of the results management procedure at the polling unit, the Presiding Officers are expected to transmit a clear image of the result sheet (form EC8A) for purpose of collation. The result will thereafter be transmitted to INEC Result Viewing portal (IREV). It would also be delivered by hand the hard copy of the form EC8A and the BVAS to the Registration Area (RA) collation officer to ensure that the number of accredited voters contained in the machine is the same thing in the form EC8A. The candidates are Abiodun Oyebanji of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Olabisi Kolapo of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and Olusegun Oni of the Social Democratic Party (SDP). Others are Reuben Famuyibo of Accord (A), Ajagunigbale Olajide of African Action Congress (AAC), Oluwole Oluyede of the African Democratic Congress (ADC), Elebute-Halle Kemi of Action Democratic Party (ADP) and Benjamin Obidoyin of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA). Also contesting are Fagbemi Adegbenro of Allied Peoples Movement (APM), Christiana Olatawura of All People’s Party (APP), Daramola Olugbenga Onile of Labour Party (LP), Fatomilola Oladosu of New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP) and Iyaniwura Ifedayo of the National Rescue Movement (NRM). Also in the race are Agboola Ben of the Peoples Redemption Party, Adebowale Oluranti Ajayi of Young Progressives Party (YPP) and Adeolu Akinyemi of Zenith Labour Party (ZLP). By REMI KOLEOSOADO-EKITI- A Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti State, Chief Taiwo Olatunbosun, says the emergence of Sen. Bola Tinubu as the party’s presidential candidate will spur the party to win the June 18 governorship election in the state.Olatunbosun, a former Speaker of the Ekiti House… In "Politics" By IDOWU GABRIEL Senator Bola Tinubu ADO-EKITI- The Presidential Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Sen. Bola Tinubu, has boasted that no political party can wrestle power from the rulling APC.He said APC has brought so much development to the country that it will be difficult for any other… In "Politics" By IDOWU GABRIEL ADO-EKITI- Scores of Labour Party (LP) members in Ekiti defected to the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday at Ado-Ekiti. The defectors promised to work to ensure victory for the APC’s candidate, Mr Biodun Oyebanji at the June 18 governorship election in the state. They were led… In "Politics"