LONDON – Dr Ike Ekweremadu, former Deputy Senate President, and his wife, Beatrice, have been arrested and detained by the Specialist Crime Team of the Metropolitan Police in London. According to Sky News, the two suspects were arrested for alleged conspiracy to harvest the organs of a child. But the child has been taken into protective custody. The media organisation reported: “Two people have been charged with conspiring to bring a child to the UK in order to harvest organs, the Metropolitan Police said. “Beatrice Nwanneka Ekweremadu, 55, and Ike Ekweremadu, 60, have been remanded in custody and will appear at Uxbridge Magistrates’ Court today. “Charges were brought against the pair, who are from Nigeria, following an investigation by the Metropolitan Police’s Specialist Crime team. “A child has now been safeguarded. “The investigation was launched after detectives were alerted to potential offences under modern slavery legislation in May 2022, the force said.” A top source in Nigeria confirmed the arrest, according to The Nation. By EMMANUEL ACHA/BENSON EZEUGWU Chief Ike Ekweremadu ENUGU- Former Deputy President of the Senate, Chief Ike Ekweremadu has announced his withdrawal from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) gubernatorial primaries. The Director-General, Ikeoha Campaign Organisation, Mr Charles Asogwa, disclosed this in a statement on Wednesday in Enugu. Recall that the PDP… In "Politics" By ALEX ENEBELIENUGU- Sen. Ike Ekweremadu, gubernatorial aspirant in Enugu State says it will appeal the Federal High Court, Abuja ruling that dismissed his application seeking to upturn the PDP delegates list.This is contained in a statement they issued on Tuesday in Enugu, signed by Mr Charles Asogwa, Director-General, of… In "Politics" By Joseph Edeh Abuja -  The Nigeria Police Force said it had commenced investigation on the alleged assassination attempt on Deputy President of the Senate Ike Ekweremadu. The News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN) reports that Ekweremadu, his wife and son, allegedly escaped assassination attempt at their Apo residence in… In "News"