ABEOKUTA – Some gunmen have invaded the Celestial Church of Christ, SBJ Oshofa at Wasimi in Ewekoro Local Government Area of Ogun State, and abducted two worshippers. The victims are, an Assistant Shepherd of the parish, Oluwaseun Ajose and a Sunday school teacher, Dagunro Ayobami. Our correspondent gathered that the hoodlums numbering four, stormed the church around 11pm on Monday, and took away the two worshippers. A source told our correspondent that the church is located in an isolated area, which allowed the hoodlums operated unhindered. It was gathered that a joint security team of the police and local vigilantes  have been combing the forest in area  in searching of the abductees. The Shepherd of the parish, Oluwatomisin Ehuwaojomo on Tuesday confirmed the incident. He also confirmed the kidnappers have reached out to the church  and demanded N50 million ransom. Ehuwaojomo said, “When my assistant called me almost two hours after they left, the kidnappers initially refused to speak with me but on his third attempt, they spoke with me and requested for N50 million ransom. “I told them that, I am a servant of God and I don’t receive salary. I have spoken to the commissioner of police and they are on it.” The State Police Spokesperson, Abimbola Oyeyemi, said has not been briefed on the incident. He, however, promised  to get back to our correspondent. (Daily Trust) Bishop Matthew Hassan Kukah KATSINA - Gunmen early Wednesday broke into one of the parishes presided over by the Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto, Matthew Hassan-Kukah, The PUNCH has learnt. Our correspondent gathered that the armed hoodlums kidnapped two priests and two others in the rectory of St. Patrick’s Catholic… In "Metro" By NATHAN NWAKAMMA Lawrence Ewhrudjakpo YENAGOA- Mr Lawrence Ewhrudjakpo, Bayelsa’s deputy governor has charged the Church to redefine its end-time messages by focusing more on salvation rather than on prosperity and prophecy.He gave the charge on Thursday in Yenagoa while hosting the bishop of Western Izon Diocese of the Anglican… In "News" OWO - Over 40 people have been reportedly killed in an attack on St Francis Catholic Church, Owa-luwa Street, in Owo town, Owo Local Government Area of Ondo State. It was learnt that the incident happened in the church, which is less than 200 meters away from the Palace of… In "Top Stories"