….As Exit Polls Project Tinubu Has Won The APC Presidential Primary. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Pastor Reno Omokri, media aide to former president Goodluck Jonathan has said that the self acclaimed leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Ahmed Tinubu has proved today that an unhealthy man with strategic ability to plan, will be more successful than 13 healthy men without strategic planning ability. He has also proved that even if you cant stand, those who can will stand down for you if you can drabs your ground. This is coming also as the “Exit Polls Project that Tinubu has won the APC Presidential primary. Reno who disclosed this in a series of tweets, said with the way this counting is going, someone should do a welfare check on Osinbajo and Amaechi to know how they are doing. The tweets read: “Exit Polls Project Tinubu Has Won The APC Presidential Primary.” “Tinubu proved today that an unhealthy man with strategic ability to plan, will be more successful than 13 healthy men without strategic planning ability. He also proved that even if you cant stand, those who can will stand down for you if you can drabs your ground! “I hope there is an ambulance there! With the way this counting is going, someone should do a welfare check on Osinbajo and Amaechi. Sundiata Post recalls that prior to the commencement of the convention on Monday morning, the expectations of Tinubu emerging the standard bearer of the ruling APC was very slim coupled with his outburst penultimate day that he was instrumental to Buhari’s emergence as president in 2015 even after the latter has announced his resignation from politics. The outburst provoked the presidency and elicited a harsh reply from the Media aide to the president, Garba Shehu.    The unfolding smear campaign against former Lagos governor and leader of the APC, Bola Tinubu, is no surprise. It had been in the works for years since the Jonathan-led government realised that Tinubu commanded a powerful political followership. The successful merger and birth of the APC posed the most potent… In "News" Senator Bukola Saraki has congratulated Prof. Yemi Osinbajo on his emergence as the Vice Presidential candidate/running mate of General Muhammad Buhari under the All Progressive Congress (APC). In a statement made available to SundiataPost, Saraki said "The emergence of Professor Yemi Osinbajo - a Professor of Law; a well-ranked academician;… In "News" A Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, Segun Osinkolu, has declared that any attempt to bring down or rubbish the party’s National Leader, Aiswaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu, will backfire. Osinkolu, an ex-Senatorial aspirant, advised the party to immediately address the leadership tussle in the National Assembly which, he said, could… In "News"