ABUJA – Labour Party has submitted Doyin Okupe’s name as running mate to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC).Sundiata Post learnt that Okupe’s name was submitted to beat the June 17 deadline given by INEC to political parties. The Labour Party has submitted the name of Doyin Okupe as Peter Obi’s running mate. It was learnt that Okupe’s name was submitted as part of the plan to beat the Friday June 17 deadline given by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to political parties. Okupe, who is the Director-General of Peter Obi Campaign will be the place holder and would later be changed after the party stakeholders must have agreed on the suitable vice presidential candidate for the 2023 election. Recall that the party had said its Vice President will come from the North Julius Abure, Labour Party chairman, had said although the decision lies with Peter Obi, ”the party’s choice of a Vice President will most likely come from the Northern region.”Sundiata Post reported earlier the likelihood of the emergence of Prof Attahiru Jega, former chairman of INEC as Peter Obi’s running. Dependable sources in Labour Party told Sundiata Post on Friday that Jega is highly favoured to be the presidential running mate to Peter Obi. The sources said the party’s stakeholders were yet to conclude on the matter. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Labour Party has unveils Doyin Okupe as Peter Obi’s running mate. Okupe’s name was submitted as part of the plan to beat the Friday June 17 deadline given by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to political parties. Okupe, who is the… In "News" Peter Obi (left) and Prof Attahiru Jega ABUJA - Baring last minute changes, there are indications that Prof Attahiru Jega, former chairman of Independent National Electoral (INEC), may emerge the vice presidential candidate of Labour Party.Sources within Labour Party confided in Sundiata Post that Peter Obi, the presidential candidate of… In "Top Stories" By Emma Ogbuehi It is no longer news that the former Anambra State Governor, Peter Obi, has dumped the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). But the question many are asking is why? The first doubt to be cleared is that while it is true that Obi has announced his withdrawal from… In "Politics"