ABUJA – Former lawmaker, Senator Shehu Sani, has mocked the All Progressives Congress (APC), saying they migrated from the “storms” of its former national chairman, Adams Oshiomhole, to the “turbulence” of incumbent Abdullahi Adamu. Tension reigned in the APC as the ruling party and presidential aspirants put finishing touches to their preparations for Tuesday’s presidential primaries. The various camps were jolted when news filtered in on Monday that Senate President Ahmad Lawan had been picked as a consensus candidate. National Chairman of the party, Abdullah Adamu told members of the National Working Committee (NWC) that in consultation with President Muhammadu Buhari, Lawan had been chosen as the consensus candidate for the exercise. The announcement caused a uproar first from the NWC members, who kicked against it and insisted that all other aspirants must take part in the primaries. Reacting to the intrigues in the APC, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP’s) Sani tersely wrote on his verified Twitter handle: “From Adams storms to Adamu’s turbulence.” An attempt by the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Abdullahi Adamu, to select Senate President Ahmad Lawan – a northerner – as the preferred candidate of the APC, failed on Monday as both the Presidency and 12 northern governors of the party openly distanced themselves from the move.… In "Top Stories" Some APC governors ABUJA - All Progressives Congress (APC) governors have submitted the names of five presidential aspirants to President Muhammadu Buhari to select a consensus candidate from, it was reliably gathered this morning, Daily Trust reports. A reliable source told this paper that the governors submitted the names in… In "Top Stories" •Senate President Ahmed Lawan ABUJA - Coming shortly after a meeting President Muhammadu Buhari held with nothern governors of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), the National Chairman of the party has announced Senate President Ahmed Lawan as the consensus candidate of the party. Adamu made the announcement at the… In "Top Stories"