Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The presidential candidate of the New Nigeria People’s Party, Senator Rabiu Kwankwaso, says that the ruling All Progressives Congress and the opposition Peoples Democratic Party have failed Nigerians over the years and should be rejected in the 2023 general election. Kwankwaso, who said the two parties had since 1999 failed in all sectors and could not succour Nigerians, bemoaned the plight of passengers plying the Ado – Akure Road linking the capital cities of Ondo and Ekiti states. The former Kano State Governor, who spoke in Ado Ekiti on Saturday during a consultation visit to the state on his presidential bid, said the disaster was lurking around in the country in view of the alleged incompetence of the APC government in the areas of security and economy. He said, “The only way to avert that disaster is for Nigerians to go and sell the ideas of the NNPP, which is a progressive party, and vote for the party come 2023. “We have seen the performance of the APC and the PDP and all of us believe that they have failed the country woefully and nobody should expect anything from them again. These people in the two parties have failed and failed woefully, they have nothing to offer. “Look at the road from Akure to Ado-Ekiti, it is in a very terrible and deplorable situation. You go around the country’s cities, Abuja, and other areas, you hardly see anything happening, poverty is at the highest level in this country, insecurity is also at its peak and we can’t continue like that, because the way we are going now is one way to disaster in the country.” Kwankwaso denied insinuations that his party would team up with the PDP, saying, “We have candidates across board in the NNPP ahead of the 2023 elections, so you will expect me to leave and join others in the PDP? “It is not going to happen. I was a foundation member of the two major parties and they have nothing to offer again, that is why I left them and I can’t go back,” he said. Punch Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The All Progressives Congress on Sunday invited former Kano State Governor and the presidential flagbearer of the New Nigeria Peoples Party, Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, to return to the ruling party that he helped to build. Speaking with journalists on Sunday in Abuja, Deputy National Publicity Secretary… In "Top Stories" •Dr Rabiu Kwankwaso ABUJA - A presidential aspirant and former Governor of Kano State, Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso has dumped the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Reports says Kwankwaso will on Wednesday officially join the New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP) in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). Sundiata Post findings indicate that he… In "News" •Peter Obi Labour Party ABUJA - Leaders of Labour Party on Wednesday said that the party’s presidential candidate, Mr. Peter Obi; and his New Nigerian Peoples Party, NNPP, counterpart, Senator Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, are still in talks to field a joint ticket for the 2023 presidential poll. In separate chats,… In "Top Stories"