By Bashir Rabe Mani ABUJA- Sen. Sani Musa, (Niger East Senatorial District), says the Senate President Ahmad Lawan will make a very good President, if elected or affirmed through consensus at Tuesday’s APC’s Presidential Primaries scheduled for Eagle Square in Abuja. Musa spoke about the compelling qualities of the Senate President and why he would make a great  President of Nigeria if elected at the primaries and later at the general elections. This is contained in a statement signed by Dr Nasiru Abdullahi, Media Adviser to the Sen. Ahmad Lawan Campaign Organisation and issued to the News Agency of Nigeria in Abuja. ” Senator  Ahmad Lawan comes from a zone that has not produced a President of Nigeria since 1966.”He is blessed with good education up to a PhD . A very humble and loyal person, he has no scandals or controversies around him. ”Also, he has served as a lawmaker at the House of Representatives and Senate for 23 years since 1999″ .That is a lot of experience,” Musa added. He further extolled the qualities of Lawan, saying: ”It is  needed to be proclaimed that any leader desirous of leading a country of 200 million diverse peoples must exhibit these qualities and more.” Musa appealed to other contestants of the APC to eschew bitterness, ”even if they loose the elections. He asked for “loyalty to the party by accepting the outcome of the primaries as the will of God and forge forward together towards the general elections as a united family. ”It will be recalled that the All Progressives Congress ensured inclusiveness in the electoral process by not insisting on zoning or excluding any qualified party member from contesting at the primaries”. (NAN) ByIKENNA UWADILEKE Senator Ahmed Lawan ABUJA- Ahead of the 2023 general elections, the Ahmad Lawan Central Campaign Organisation has announced the Chief Whip of the Senate, Sen. Orji Kalu as its Director-General. Senator Orji Uzor Kalu Kalu, in a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan said on Thursday that his presidential bid is in his capacity as a Nigerian who is qualified to be President and not as a northern aspirant as is being insinuated in some quarters."I am not running… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan said on Monday that he has all it takes to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari whose tenure comes to an end in May 2023. "I am equipped. I have experience enough, I have what it takes to… In "Top Stories"