By STANLEY NWANOSIKEENUGU- The Commissioner of Police in Enugu State, Mr Lawal Abubakar, has assured people of Eha-Amufu Community of Isi-Uzo Local Government Area that police will deal decisively with perpetrators of violence and killings in the community.Abubakar gave the warning on Friday when he led heads of other security formations to visit Eha-Amufu community to assess the security situation in the area.This is contained in a statement issued on behalf of the commissioner by the state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Daniel Ndukwe, after the visit.Suspected assailants on June 13 attacked and murdered three residents at Ogbete-Mgbuji area of the community.They were  confirmed dead by doctors after which their corpses were deposited in the mortuary for preservation and autopsy.The commissioner said that the police, in collaboration with sister security agencies had commenced manhunt of the assailants.The state police boss used the opportunity of the visit to address and interact with members of the community and reassured them of the police and other security agencies’ commitment to their safety and security.He, however, called on them to be vigilant, law-abiding and promptly volunteer useful information that would help the security operatives to contain activities of the assailants.The other security formation heads in the visit included  the State Director, Department of State Services, Mr H. M. Daluwa; the Commander, 82 Division Garrison Command, Brig.-Gen. Mohammed Ibrahim; the Commander, 553 Services Base Group of the Nigerian Air Force, Air Commodore I. A. Taiwo.The CP was received and guided by the Police Area Commander, Udenu Area Command, ACP Edwin Egwuekwe, and a team of Isi-Uzo Local Government Area leadership, led by the Vice Chairman, Mr. Ogechukwu Nnamani. (NAN) File photo ENUGU - Suspected herdsmen have reportedly killed a young man in Okpulugwu Agu-Amede community in Eha-Amufu, Isi-Uzo Local Government Area of Enugu State in a renewed attack. The incident had thrown the community into mourning. Community sources told newsmen that the incident which occurred on Friday would be… In "Metro" Gunmen have reportedly kidnapped the wife and a child of Mr Eugene Edeoga, younger brother of the Enugu State Commissioner for Environment, Hon Chijioke Edeoga on Saturday night. They were said to have been kidnapped inside their house at the old Eke Market in Eha-Amufu, Isi-Uzo Local Government Area of… In "News" By HAMZA SULEIMANMAIDUGIRI- No fewer than 55 scrap metal collectors lost their lives in series of attacks coordinated by Boko Haram insurgents in the last three weeks in Borno.The Commissioner of Police in the state, Abdu Umar made this known while speaking on the sideline of a security stakeholders’ meeting… In "Metro"