By POLYCARP AUTA JOS- A midnight fire has razed down part of the University of Jos Veterinary Teaching Hospital, located around Polo, in Jos North Local Government Area of Plateau. The fire was a result of a petrol tanker carrying Premium Motor Spirit (PMS), that lost control and crashed into the hospital premises. A correspondent of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), who visited the scene, reports that a filling station, shops, and other structures located close to the hospital were equally affected by the fire. Speaking to newsmen at the scene, the Vice Chancellor of the university, Prof. Tanko Ishaya, described the incident as a “’colossal loss” to the institution. Ishaya, who was represented by Dr Thamaus Adigun, the Librarian of the university, said that the items destroyed were worth millions. ”We have one of the best veterinary teaching hospitals in the country, and this is a huge lost to the university and the nation in general. “The buildings and equipment that are destroyed by this fire are worth millions; it is huge. “So, we are appealing to the federal and state governments, to urgently come to our aid in order to make the hospital functional soon,” he appealed, On her part, Prof. Lami Longbim, the Dean, Faculty of Veterinary Medicine of the university, said the incident occurred at midnight on Thursday. Longbim listed some of the buildings affected by the fire to include the public health laboratory and all its equipment, the Intensive Care Unit (ICU), treatment rooms, parasitology laboratory,  all consulting rooms, pharmacy, security post, among others. Similarly, Mr Eugene Nyelong, the North-Central Coordinator of the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), said that the driver of the truck died in the accident, while his assistant was severely injured and currently receiving treatment at the hospital. (NAN) The Deputy Registrar in charge of Information and Publications, University of Jos, Mr. Steve Otowo, is dead. Otowo, 60, died Thursday afternoon at the Jos University Teaching Hospital after a brief illness. He was said to have died of cardiac arrest. Family sources said on Friday that he took ill… In "Sports" Jos - Australian High Commissioner to Nigeria, Mr Jonathan Richardson, has said that Australia would partner the University of Jos to develop its agriculture and mining studies. Richardson made the promise on Wednesday when he visited the Vice-Chancellor of the university, Prof. Hayward Mafuyai, in Jos. He explained that the… In "News" The University of Jos has introduced the Dentistry department which is domiciled in the College of Medical Sciences of the university, amongst other programmes. This was made known by the Vice Chancellor of the University Professor Hayward Babale Mafuyai, at the swearing in/ induction ceremony of newly qualified Medical Doctors… In "News"