When most Americans think about soap operas, they think of Luke and Laura’s epic romance on General Hospital or about how many times Marlena was possessed on Days of Our Lives. But American soap drama has got nothing on Brazilian soaps, also known as telenovelas. Brazilian telenovelas are popular not just in Brazil but in Latin America, Europe, and even Africa! People of every age, class, gender, and background love their telenovelas with a passion that might only rival their devotion to football (American soccer). If you already watch Mexican telenovelas, you’re at least a little familiar with the genre. Brazilian novelas are a little bit different, though. Besides mostly being in Portuguese, there is a level of diversity present that is lacking in telenovelas from other countries. If you want to try watching something new, fire up your computer and give one of these terrific tales a try! Avenida Brasil is, hands down, the most popular telenovela of recent years. Over 80 million people worldwide have watched the final episode. Also, the 2012 series was so popular that when it was shown as a rerun in 2020, it was a ratings bonanza all over again! The rights have been sold to 140 countries, and the show has been dubbed into 19 languages, including Arabic, Russian, and Greek. The story is set in Rio’s suburbs and focuses on Rita, a young woman seeking revenge on her stepmother for ruining her childhood. Rita hides her identity to get close to her stepmother and set her plan in motion. Family drama is also a concern for the stepmother’s boyfriend, a football player with his own issues. This soap opera is set in Brazil and India, focusing on Indian families and the conflict between Eastern and Western values. Plot points include the Indian caste system and prejudices, cultural differences, values and morals, and traditions, but the driving story is forbidden love and its repercussions. Caminhos das Índias is only the second telenovela to shoot in two different locations, Brazil and India. The show won an International Emmy for Best Telenovela in 2009, and reruns remain popular and highly rated. Broadcast in 100 countries, Da Cor Do Pecado tackles the story of a love triangle. The plot has drama, suspense, and romance, dealing with issues such as race and discrimination. It was the first telenovela to cast an afro-descendant actor in the main character role, which played a huge role in the show’s success and popularity. The only sci-fi entry on the list, O Clone had a great run and was an international success. It was sold in over 90 countries and held a 47 point viewership rating. O Clone’s main focus is on the romance between a Muslim woman and a Brazilian man. The plot also deals with drug addiction, the ethics of and repercussions of human cloning, and a love triangle. It remains a groundbreaking show, praised by some for examining Islam through a woman’s eyes and denounced by others for its portrayal of Arab and Muslim culture. O Clone aired 221 episodes over nine months. Malhação is the longest-running novela to make the favorites list. It premiered in 1995 and is still on the air with over 5,000 episodes. Malhação is geared towards a teenage audience but maintains popularity with viewers of all ages. The plot deals with the lives, loves, families, and friendships of a group of Rio teenagers, and the show is mostly set in a fictional gym club. Malhação is a universal experience for three generations of Brazilian teens! This 1976 telenovela aired 175 episodes in black and white! Anju Mau follows a low-income woman through her journey as she becomes a nanny to a wealthy family with a mansion. She has an affair with her employer’s brother as part of a conniving plan to become the owner of the mansion, but because she puts a sweet and innocent face to the world, nobody suspects she is capable of such evil. Anjo Mau aired in 20 countries, including Nicaragua, Russia, and France. While most of the other novelas on this list are either still airing or are available in other countries, Anjo Mau is not one of them. The good news is that you can use a Brazil proxy to get a Brazilian IP address and stream it that way. Roque Santeiro is, without a doubt, the most successful Brazilian telenovela ever. Aired between 1985 and 1986, Roque Santeiro had the highest number of viewers and remains, even in reruns, the most-watched novela in Brazilian history. The story follows Roque Santeiro through his life in small-town Brazil and deals with mistaken identity, political protest, religious exploitation, and mysticism. The show is a political satire with a comedic bent. It was praised for excellent depictions of small-town, regional life. Brazilian soap operas have almost a cult-like following. People from all over the world tune in to see takes of drama, romance, struggles, and triumph. If you’re bored with your current tv offerings, why not try one of these epic telenovelas? You won’t regret it! By Tony Nezianya Ahead of the 2014 World Cup in Brazil, there were riots and protests on some streets of Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Belo Horizonte, Porto Alegre and other cities of the South American country. The demonstrators were protesting over what they perceived as the needless, massive expenditure… In "News" By IBIRONKE ARIYO Abuja- The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has intercepted 24 parcels of cocaine concealed in 12 tyres of lawnmowers imported into the country through the Port Harcourt International Airport (PHIA).Mr Femi Babafemi ,NDLEA Director ,Media and Advocacy,said  this in a statement on Sunday in Abuja.Babafemi said… In "Metro" The Brazilian iPhone was meant to mark a new era. When Taiwan's Foxconn Technology Group agreed in April 2011 to make Apple products here, President Dilma Rousseff and her advisers promised that up to $12 billion in investments over six years would transform the Brazilian technology sector, putting it on… In "News"