By ESENVOSA IZAHLAGOS- Lekki Phase I Resident Association says it will work closely with Lagos Government and security agents to ensure that commercial motorcyclists, popularly called Okada riders, are totally banned in the area. The association’s Chairman, Mr Yomi Idowu, stated this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos, following the June 1 enforcement of the ban by the state government. NAN reports that the state government had, on May 18, announced the ban on okada riders from operating in six local government areas, including Ikeja, Surulere, Eti-Osa, Lagos Mainland, Lagos Island and Apapa. Some Lekki residents had, on May 19, taken to the streets of Lekki Phase I to express their grievances against the menace of okada riders, while calling on government to immediately enforce the ban. They also reacted to an incident that occurred at Admiralty area of Lekki, where the death of a sound engineer, identified simply as David, was, on May 12, linked to suspected motorcyclists. A NAN correspondent, who was in the Eti-Osa, one of the six LGAs where the ban was to be enforced, reports that no okada rider was seen in the area, except some dispatch riders. “We are supporting the government, because these are our lives. We’ve been doing that even before the June 1 date and there are less okadas now. “So, whatever the government brings, we can add ours so that we can all work together,’’ he said. The chairman said that the association would soon inaugurate about 60 new buses in the area to add to the shuttle buses currently plying the road, to cushion the effect of the okada ban on passengers. He said that awareness campaigns were also being carried out to encourage residents to use the shuttle buses provided. “Residents are all aware of what is going on and are working together to keep the area safe for people to live in,” Idowu said. (NAN) By ESENVOSA IZAH •Lekki Phase One Residents calling for ban of ‘Okada Riders’ in the area on Thursday in Lagos Lagos- The Lekki Phase One Residents Association (LERA) has urged the Lagos State Government not to wait until June 1 to enforce the ban on commercial motorcyclists, known as ‘Okada… In "News" Abuja - Some leaders of the Hausa community in Lagos State have appealed to Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu to reverse the ban on Okada operations in six local government areas of the state. The leaders, who spoke in separate interviews with The PUNCH, on Wednesday, said Okada riders who hail from… In "Top Stories" By FLORENCE ONUEGBU LAGOS- Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State has said there is no going back on the June 1 proposed ban of commercial motorcycles, popularly known as ‘Okada’ on highways.Sanwo-Olu said this while speaking with newsmen on Tuesday evening, after the State Security Meeting, at Lagos House, Ikeja.The… In "News"