By MUFTAU OGUNYEMI AKURE- Police in Ondo State have denied rumours making the round that the suspected terrorists, who attacked Owo Catholic Church, have been apprehended. Rumours filtered into town on Thursday evening that the perpetrators of the terror attack were nabbed by the combined team of the Nigerian Army, Amotekun Corps and other security agents. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that on June 5, terrorists attacked St. Francis Catholic Church, Owaluwa Street, Owo, during church service. Forty of the 127 persons in the church were killed, leaving 87 survivors out of which 61 are currently on admission in different hospitals and 26 already discharged. A viral video circulated online indicated that those who perpetrated the terror attack had been arrested. It was gathered that residents of Owo town besieged the palace of the Olowo, Oba Ajibade Ogunoye, to confirm the news of the purported arrest of the suspects on Thursday evening. Oba Ogunoye, who addressed the crowd in Owo dialect, said he only heard about the news just the way the residents heard it and asked them to remain calm. A source within the palace of Olowo, who didn’t want his name mentioned, said the information was only a rumour. “It was only a rumour. Youths besieged the palace in their thousands when the rumour broke out, but it was discovered to be a false alarm. “Kabiyesi was only trying to hail their doggedness as he told them that, ‘I heard the rumour like you too’,  admonishing them to be patient to authenticate it. “But it was later discovered that the story was about a group arrested along Owo/Benin boundary in possession of dangerous weapon,” the source told newsmen. While speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria, SP Funmilayo Odunlami, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in Ondo State, denied the rumour, saying she could not confirm the arrest of the attackers. “I can not confirm anything like that. There is no story like that in the state,” the PPRO told NAN. Also, a source from Nigeria Army, 32 Artillery Bridgade, Akure, who didn’t want his name mentioned, said emphatically that the perpetrators of the Owo attack had not be arrested. He said security agents only arrested people caught with Indian hemp. “It is a rumour, those arrested are those engaged in Indian hemp business. They are about three or so, they were arrested somewhere around Owo forest,” the source told NAN. (NAN) By SEGUN GIWA AKURE- A member of the Ondo State House of Assembly representing Idanre Constituency, Mr Festus Akingbaso, has condemned the killing of worshipers at St. Francis Catholic Church, Owo, on Sunday.Aingbaso, who is also the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate for Idanre/Ifedore Federal Constituency in the 2023 election,… In "News" By MUFTAU OGUNYEMI AKURE- The Nigeria Governors Forum (NGF) has donated N50 million to victims of the attack on Sunday at the St. Francis Catholic Church, Owa-luwa Street, Owo Local Government Area of Ondo State.Chairman of the NGF and Ekiti State Governor, Dr John Kayode Fayemi, made the donation  when… In "News" By ALABA-OLUSOLA OKE Governor Rotimi Akeredolu AKURE- Gov. Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has assured residents of the state that the government would hunt down assailants that attacked and killed worshippers of St. Francis Catholic Church, Owo on Sunday.This is contained in a statement by Mr Richard Olatunde, the Chief… In "News"