Some villagers in Kajuru Local Government Area of Kaduna State have fled their homes following Sunday’s attack that left no fewer than 32 people dead while others were injured, Punch has reported. The Kaduna State Government through its Commissioner for International Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, confirmed the attack. It was gathered that the bloodthirsty terrorists attacked Ugwan Gamu, Dogon Noma, Ungwan Sarki, and Maikori villages near Maro in Kajuru LGA on Sunday, June 5, 2022. This came less than 24 hours after terrorists abducted 14 persons at Iri Station, about 8km from Idon town, Idon Ward of the same Kajuru LGA. It was learnt that the terrorists on Friday killed 25 locals but “as villagers comb surrounding bushes for corpses, seven decomposed bodies were found Monday morning.” A resident of one of the villages, who escaped from the attack and who crave anonymity, said as the villagers were still nursing the pains of the abduction of their kinsmen and how to raise money for their release, when “the terrorists invaded a nearby communities twice, killing 25 persons.” The villager added, “The gunmen came twice and operated unhindered, they came sensing that there will be no threat from anybody. When some of our people were abducted by them on Saturday which had been the norm, we thought that was all for the day but we couldn’t sleep that night. It was hell,” he added. Another victim, who is temporary staying with a relative at Sabon Tasha in Chikun LGA of the state, noted that “our village (Maikori) is completely deserted. We came here since on Monday. We can no longer stay on our ancestral land. The terrorists come at anytime, kidnap and demand ransom. We sold our farm produce to pay ransom everytime.” He added that at Dogon Noma near Maro, more than 30 residents, among them women and children were killed and several houses were razed by the terrorists. He continued that “whenever the bandits abduct our people, they will tell us that they are going to release the women and kill all the youths. “We saw helicopter assisting the bandits. Some of them are riding on motorcycles, wielding AK-47 rifles. Some were wearing military uniforms. “On market days, they will storm the market and collect phones. Even after payment of ransom, the bandits will call and said they had released the victims, only for us to find the dead bodies.” Another victim, Martina Dennis, 30, who fled her residence following the attack, said she had an operation in a Kachia hospital but had to come to Kaduna because of the attack at home (village). Although she claimed that her husband and son were still in the village but lamented that Fulani were terrorising them while saying that “they (attackers) want to take over village”. “They have rustled our livestock- goats, Rams and chicken,” she added. But the locals under aegis of Adara Development Association had earlier alleged that a helicopter aided the attackers who invaded the villages, including Ungwan Gamu, Dogon Noma, Ungwan Sarki and Maikori near Maro in Kajuru LGA. The National President of the Association, Awemi Dio Maisamari, who disclosed in statement made available to journalists, said the attack started around noon on Sunday and lasted until around 6pm unchallenged. The statement alleged that the attack was carried out by terrorists who came on about 150 motorcycles carrying three AK-47-wielding persons each. “To the horror of the natives, the white painted helicopter, faced the brave natives instead and started shooting at the youths from the air, clearly leaving out the killers who can be distinctly identified by the mode of dressings and from their positions,” the statement said.(Punch). Not less than 1,000 villagers have deserted their communities in Gurara Local Government Area of Niger State following sustained attacks by terrorists over the last two days. Scores of people were also kidnapped in Kwampany-bobi in the Mariga Local Government Area of the state yesterday. This is even as there… In "Security" By HUSSAINA YAKUBU Kaduna- The Kaduna State Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Mr Samuel Aruwan, says 360 persons were killed between January and March 2022 through banditry and communal clashes. The commissioner made this known when he presented the 2022 First Quarter Report on security to the state… In "News" JALINGO - Terrorists attacked a mosque in Taraba State while worshippers were breaking their fast on Tuesday, killing three persons. It was learnt that the attackers, numbering about 50, also abducted many worshippers from the mosque and took them to an unknown location. It was gathered that the incident occurred… In "Top Stories"