Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Residents of Ekiti State will today file out to elect a new governor from sixteen contestants who will steer the affairs of the state for the next four years A total of 989,202 registered voters are expected to troop out to the polls to make their choice from a list of 16 governorship candidates. The candidates are Reuben Famuyibo of the Accord Party; Ajagunigbale Olajide of AAC; Oluwole Oluyede, ADC; Kemi Elebute-Halle, ADP; Abiodun Oyebanji, APC; Benjamin Abidoyin, APGA; Fagbemo Adegbenro, APM; Christiana Olatawura, APP; and Daramola Olugbenga, LP. Others are Fatomilola Oladosu, NNPP; Iyaniwura Ifedayo, NRM; Olabisi Kolawole, PDP; Ben Agboola, PRP; former Governor Olusegun Oni, SDP; Adebowale Ajayi, YPP and Adeola Akinyemi, ZLP. Although all the candidates campaigned and canvassed votes, three of them, Messrs Oyebanji, Oni and Kolawole of the APC, SDP and PDP respectively, are considered the frontrunners with one of them most likely to win the election. Whoever wins today’s election, will replace the outgoing governor, Kayode Fayemi, in October. The leading candidates have their strength in all the 16 local government areas with a total of 177 wards or registration areas and a cumulative number of 2,445 polling units. The people have been sensitised. INEC has assured of its readiness to conduct a successful poll. The police and other security agencies have been mobilised and deployed to protect the voters and the ballots. Premium Times  By EMMANUEL OLONIRUHAABUJA- The 988,923 registered voters in Ekiti State across 16 local government areas are going to the poll to elect the governor and the deputy governor of the state today.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the election will hold in 2,445 Polling Units (PUs) in 177… In "Politics" Former Ekiti State Governor and the candidate of the Social Democratic Party in the June 18 governorship poll, Chief Segun Oni, said on Monday that the governing All Progressives Congress and the Peoples Democratic Party in the state were spent forces and would be rejected at the poll. Oni, who… In "News" Gov. Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti, his Deputy, Bisi Egbeyemi and Minister of Trade and Investment, Niyi Adebayo are to lead the All Progressives Congress (APC) campaign for the June 18 Governorship election in the state. This is comtained in a statement issued by Mr Segun Dipe, the Ekiti APC Publicity… In "News"