By PHILIP YATAI KADUNA- The Kano Zone of ASUU on Tuesday expressed concern over alleged intimidation and threats against some of its officials by the management of the Kaduna State University (KASU). The Coordinator, Mr Abdulkadir Muhammad, expressed the consternation in a statement issued on Tuesday in Kaduna. Muhammad stated that the zone had received a disturbing report on the issuance of queries to the KASU Branch Chairman and Acting Secretary, Dr Peter Adamu, and Dr Akos Ibrahim, respectively. He added that the queries were vindictive and were issued to the two officials for communicating the decision of the branch’s congress through the media. He stated also that the congress agreed to communicate to the public its angst against reopening of the university by the management while ASUU strike subsisted. “We condemn the action of the university management which singles out the branch chairman and the acting secretary for a possible reprimand over an action that emanated from members of the branch. “As a duly registered trade union recognised by law, we shall not tolerate any form of threat or intimidation against any member or official of our union for exercising constitutionally guaranteed rights of embarking on industrial actions. “The Kano Zone of ASUU wants to re-emphasise that the on-going national strike action of our union is patriotic and necessary for the restoration of our long-neglected university system,’’ he stated. Muhammad advised the university’s management against any action that could worsen the current precarious industrial relations climate. He called on the management withdraw the “vindictive and hastily issued queries’’ to the two ASUU officials. “The zone’s leadership is closely monitoring developments in the university, and we remain prepared to take appropriate action at the appropriate time on the matter,’’ Muhammad stated. An authoritative source in the university who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed that the ASUU officials were queried for sabotaging efforts by management to resume academic activities. The varsity’s management had announced on April 26 that academic activities would resume on May 9 for the continuation of the second semester 2020/2021 academic session. The university’s branch of ASUU stated on May 1, however, it had not pulled out of the on-going ASUU strike. The union, in its statement, dissociated itself from the circular released by the university on April 26 asking students and lecturers to resume academic activities on May 9. The Kano Zone of ASUU covers Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, Bayero University, Kano, Kaduna State University, Kaduna, and Yusuf Maitama Sule University, Kano. It also covers the Federal University, Dutse, Kano University of Science and Technology, Wudil, and Sule Lamido University, Kafin Hausa. (NAN) By OLAJIDE IDOWU Osogbo- Dr Wende Olaosebikan, Acting Chairman, Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Osun State University (UniOsun), on Monday, said that the university would soon join the nationwide ASUU strike.In an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Osogbo, Olaosebikan explained that the suspension of the… In "Education" By OLAJIDE IDOWU Osogbo- The Management of the Osun state University (UniOSUN), has declared that the school has no intention of joining the ongoing industrial action by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU).This is contained in a statement issued by the University’s Public Relations Officer, Adesoji Ademola, on Monday.The News… In "Education" By Funmilayo Adeyemi Abuja- The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) Zone D, on Monday threatened to shutdown major airports if the face-off between the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) and the Federal Government continued. NANS South West Zone Coordinator, Mr Adegboye Olatunji, made this known in Abuja on… In "Education"