By OKEOGHENE AKUBUIKE ABUJA- The 29th Afreximbank Annual Meetings holding in Cairo, Egypt, will feature former President of Nigeria, Dr Olusegun Obasanjo and Mr Aliko Dangote, Chairman and CEO, Dangote Group, the bank says. This is  contained in a statement signed by Afreximbank’s Media Contact, Amadou Sall, on Thursday. Sall said that the 29th Annual Meetings would be held from June 15 to 18, 2022. He said the theme for the 29th Annual Meetings is: “Realizing the African Continental Free Trade Agreement (AfCFTA) Potential in the post COVID-19 Era – Leveraging the Power of the Youth”. Sall said the event, which would bring together global experts and high-profile speakers, would include Advisory Group Meetings and the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, complemented by seminars and plenaries. He said the Afreximbank Annual Meetings are open to banking industry professionals, trade and trade finance practitioners and other parties involved in economic development from across Africa and beyond. According to him, the meetings, which have been ranked among the most important gatherings of economic decision-makers in Africa, are also to be attended by business and political leaders. He said some of the experts and speakers at the meetings would include Abdel Fattah El-Sisi, President, of the Arab Republic of Egypt and Prof Benedict Oramah, President/Chairman of the Board of Directors, Afreximbank. Others include Mr Tarek Amer, Governor, Central Bank of Egypt, the Arab Republic of Egypt, Dr Mohamed Maait, Minister of Finance, the Arab Republic of Egypt and Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, the Federal Republic of Nigeria. Others include Dr Rebeca Grynspan, Secretary-General, United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) and Ambassador Albert Muchanga, African Union Commissioner for Economic Development, Trade, Tourism, Industry and Minerals. Dr Howard Nicholas, Professor of Economics, Erasmus University, Rotterdam, Netherlands; Ms Vera De Sousa, Minister of Finance, Republic of Angola, and Mr Tony Elumelu, Chairman Heirs Holdings and Founder, Tony Elumelu Foundation. Others are Dr Vera Songwe, United Nations Under-Secretary-General and Executive Director, UNECA; Mr Samaila Zubairu, President and CEO, Africa Finance Corporation (AFC); Dr Pamela Coke-Hamilton, Executive Director, International Trade Center (ITC) and Mrs Rosa Whitaker, President and CEO, The Whitaker Group (TWG). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Afreximbank is a Pan-African multilateral financial institution mandated to finance and promote intra-and extra-African trade. Afreximbank deploys innovative structures to deliver financing solutions that support the transformation of the structure of Africa’s trade, accelerating industrialisation and intra-regional trade, thereby boosting economic expansion in Africa. (NAN) Lagos  -  The African Export-Import Bank (Afreximbank) says former President Olusegun Obasanjo will speak on African trade at the bank’s 24th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) scheduled for June 28 in Kigali. This was announced in a statement by the bank’s spokesman, Mr Obi Emekekwue, on Wednesday in Lagos.… In "News" CAIRO – The implementation of the African Continental Free Trade Area (AfCFTA) would spur Africa’s industrialisation and long-term supply chain resilience, Mr. Amr Kamel, Afreximbank’s Executive Vice President in charge of Business Development and Corporate Banking, said Tuesday as the bank opened its annual Trade Finance Seminar (ATFS) and workshop. … In "Top Stories" Lagos -  The African Export-Import Bank (Afreximbank) says former Nigerian President, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo and leading development economist, Prof. Jeffrey Sachs, will anchor the second Babacar Ndiaye Lecture scheduled for Bali, Indonesia. Mr Obi Emekekwue, the the bank’s Director and Global Head of Communications and Events Management Department, made the… In "Business"