By GEORGE ODOK CALABAR- The Deputy Speaker of Cross River House of Assembly, Mr Joseph Bassey, has congratulated Sen. Bola Tinubu for emerging as the presidential candidate of the All Progressive Congress primary election. Bassey, who spoke in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday in Calabar, said that the former Lagos State governor had the capacity, network and political structures to win in 2023. According to him, the widespread network and contact of Tinubu would guarantee him victory in the presidential polls against former Vice President, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP). The Deputy Speaker, who lauded the APC leadership for allowing a transparent primary process that elected a flag bearer without consensus, said that the party had promoted internally democracy. “I want to congratulate Tinubu for a transparent and clear victory. A lot of people felt the party was going to have a consensus candidate; but it turned out to be that all aspirants were given a fair ground. “The primary election victory will translate into a general victory during the presidential polls. Tinubu is going to contest against a strong politician like Atiku Abubakar. “But, I can assure you that Tinubu has the capacity, contact, network and political grassroots structures across the country to defeat Atiku Abubakar in 2023. “We from the Southern part of the country are happy, because even the Northern governors have also advocated that power should move to the South in 2023. “Tinubu is now the party’s flag bearer and hopefully, we will all come out and work for him and for the victory of the party in 2023,” he assured. Bassey, who is also the APC candidate for Akpabuyo/Bakassi/Calabar South Federal Constituency in the 2023 elections, also congratulated Gov. Ben Ayade of Cross River for scoring 37 votes during the presidential primary. NAN reports that Tinubu scored a total 1,271 votes to defeat Vice President Yemi Osinbajo who polled 235 votes and former Minister of Transportation, Mr Chibuike Amaechi who got 316 votes and others. (NAN) The All Progressives Congress (APC) has appointed former Head of State, General Muhammadu Buhari, ex-Vice President, Atiku Abubakar and former Lagos State Governor, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu into its Board of Trustees (BoT). Other top party leaders who made the over 74 membership of the BoTare, former Abia state Governor, Dr.… In "News" A Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, Segun Osinkolu, has declared that any attempt to bring down or rubbish the party’s National Leader, Aiswaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu, will backfire. Osinkolu, an ex-Senatorial aspirant, advised the party to immediately address the leadership tussle in the National Assembly which, he said, could… In "News" Senator Bukola Saraki has congratulated Prof. Yemi Osinbajo on his emergence as the Vice Presidential candidate/running mate of General Muhammad Buhari under the All Progressive Congress (APC). In a statement made available to SundiataPost, Saraki said "The emergence of Professor Yemi Osinbajo - a Professor of Law; a well-ranked academician;… In "News"