By IBRAHIM BELLO BIRNIN KEBBI- Rep Umar Jega, APC Aliero Gwandu Jega has dismissed the rumour making the rounds that he had defected to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Rep Jega also Chairman, House Committee on Internally Displaced Persons, Migrants and Refugees, in a statement on Friday and made available to newsmen in Birnin-Kebbi, said: “I am still a bonafide member of the APC. “This is to clarify that I have not decamped from APC and I won the Aliero/Gwandu/Jega Federal Constituency APC primary election for the 2023 general elections. “I will contest the parliamentary election on the platform of the All Progressives Congress. “All stories/allegations that suggested I have decamped from the APC to another party are unfounded and did not emanate from me.“I cannot disappoint my people and delegates who voted for me during the primary election. “I want to assure my people and supporters, that we are still in APC,” Jega said. Rep Jega said further that he had not dumped the party, and had no intention of defecting to any political party.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that a discord erupted among top members of the APC in the state after the recent party congresses and primary elections in the state. Following the crisis, Sen. Adamu Aliero and Senate Leader, Sen. Yahaya Abdullahi, (APC Kebbi Central, and North) defected to the PDP in the state. (NAN) By Muhammad Lawal Senator Adamu Aliero BIRNIN KEBBI- Sen. Adamu Aliero (APC Kebbi Central) on Thursday formally announced his defection from the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to People’s Democratic party (PDP). Declaring his defection in Birnin Kebbi, the Kebbi State capital, Aliero said his decision was informed by his… In "Politics" By MUHAMMAD LAWALBIRNIN KEBBI- Sen. Adamu Aliero (APC-Kebbi Central) has urged supporters of the party to shun acts capable of disrupting relative peace in the state.He spoke through the APC factional leader, Alhaji Sani Dododo, at a news conference, on Saturday in Birnin Kebbi,   while reacting to the concluded… In "Politics" By Muhammad Lawal  Birnin Kebbi- Kebbi State women, on Tuesday lauded the All Progressives Congress (APC) leadership in the state, for allocating 40 per cent of local government and state delegates slots to women for the forthcoming party primary elections.Hajiya A’ishatu Abubakar-Gunabi, APC Women Leader in the state, gave the… In "Politics"