By YUNUSA ISHOLA & IDOWU GABRIEL ADO-EKITI – Mr Biodun Oyebanji, the candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), has been declared the winner of the Saturday’s Ekiti Governorship election. Declaring the winner, Prof. Oyebode Adebowale, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) Returning Officer, said Oyebanji polled a total of 187, 057 to win the election. He said that Oyebanji had certified the law and was, therefore, declared the winner. “That I, Prof. Oyebode Adebowale, hereby satified that I am the Returning Officer of the Ekiti 2022 Governorship Election held on June 18. “That Biodun Oyebanji, the candidate of APC, having certified the requirements of the law, is hereby declared winner and returned,” Adebowale declared. The INEC Returning Officer, who is also the Vice-Chancellor, University of Ibadan, while giving the break down of the total votes scored by the participated political parties, said that Mr Segun Oni, the Social Democratic Party (SDP) candidate, scored 82, 211, to come second. According to him, others were the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate, Chief Bisi Kolawole, who polled 67,457; Accord (A) scored 166; African Action Congress (AAC) 409; All Progressives Grand Alliance,(APGA) 17 while Action Democratic Congress (ADC) polled 141 votes. Also, the Action Democratic Party (ADP) scored 5,597; Allied Peoples Movement (APM) -290; Labour Party (LP) polled 195 votes; New Nigeria Peoles Party (NNPP) scored 529 and National Rescue Movement (NRM) 347. The rest were, Young Progressives Party (YPP) -618; All Peoples Party (APP) polled 1,980 and Zenith Labour Party,(ZLP) polled 282; Peoples Redemption Party (PRP) polled 856. According to the INEC returning officer, the total numbers of registered voters were 989,224, accredited voters, 363,438, valid votes were, 351,865 and voided votes were 8,888. However, the Ekiti South West Local Government area Collation Officer, Prof. Gbolagade Jonathan, said there were issues of ballot snatching at Ward 6 , Units 5 and 7. Jonathan, while given his reports, said they were about sorting the results when gunmen stormed the affected units and started shooting sporadically making the people to run for safety, while they carted away the ballot boxes in the process. He explained that the two affected units had a total numbers of accredited voters of 266 and 128 respectively.(NAN) Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress, Biodun Oyebanji, has expressed optimism of becoming the next governor of Ekiti State. He spoke after voting in the ongoing governorship election in the state The APC candidate was accredited alongside his wife, Prof. Olayemi at ward 06, unit… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Supporters of the All Progressives Congress in Ekiti State erupted in jubilation in the early hours of today (Sunday) when the results of Saturday’s governorship election showed that the candidate of the party, Mr Biodun Oyebanji, trounced the 15 other candidates that partook in the exercise.… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in the Saturday’s Ekiti State governorship election, Mr. Bisi Kolawole, won in Ward 8, Unit 1, Efon Alaye, in Efon Local Government Area, where, he earlier cast his vote. INEC ad-hoc staff, after counting of votes, declared the PDP candidate… In "Top Stories"