LONDON – Nigeria has lost its $1.7 billion claim against JP Morgan Chase Bank over the transfer of proceeds from the sale of OPL 245 in 2011. In the judgement delivered on Tuesday, the Business and Property Courts of England and Wales Commercial Court said there was no proof that Nigeria was defrauded in the deal. The federal government had sued JP Morgan on the ground of “Quincecare duty”, alleging that the bank “ought to have known” that there was corruption and fraud in the transaction which saw Malabu sell its 100 per cent in OPL 245 to Shell and Eni for $1.1 billion. Nigeria argued that there were enough “red flags” for JP Morgan to have halted the transfers. However, the bank rejected Nigeria’s claims, maintaining that all due processes were followed and money laundering checks were done, arguing that allegations of fraud only came up after a new government took over in Nigeria. In the judgement, Sara Cockerill ruled that the Nigerian government could not prove that it been defrauded, saying it may be that with the benefit of hindsight, “JPMorgan would have done things differently” but declared that “none of these things individually or collectively amount to triggering and then breaching” the bank’s duty of care to its client. (TheCable) By Teddy Nwanunobi Abuja (Sundiata Post) — Former Attorney General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Mohammed Bello Adoke, has refuted claim by a story that he led the team that brokered the Malabo Oil and Gas Limited deal, which got the oil bloc title of OPL 245.… In "News" LONDON  -  Seven years ago, two middlemen launched civil lawsuits to seek payment for helping arrange a $1.3 billion oil deal in Nigeria. Now, nine current and former executives or contractors from Italy’s Eni and British-Dutch giant Royal Dutch Shell, including ENI Chief Executive Claudio Descalzi, have been accused by… In "Business" London   -    The trial of nine current and former executives or contractors from Italy’s Eni and British-Dutch giant Royal Dutch Shell, including ENI Chief Executive Claudio D20escalzi, over a 1.3 billion dollars oil deal in Nigeria, will begin in Milan on June 20. According to a Reuters review of court… In "Business"