By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – In its bid to support food security in Nigeria, NASCO Group, on Thursday commissioned a Multi Billion naira cornflakes plant to boost its cornflakes production aimed at providing, sustaining and expanding the production of its number one product. The food company said to boost production, it partnered with Nigerian farmers in Plateau State who have demonstrated commitment, with robust support of fertilizer supply from NASCO. Speaking in Jos, during the unveiling and Commissioning of the new plant with the theme: “Farm2Home”, the Chairman/CEO, NASCO Group, Dr. Attia Nasreddin, said the plant is also poised to bridge the gap between Nigerian homes and the farm maize products. According to him: “We realized early in our journey that we cannot realize this vision unless we empower the hands that helped us realize our dreams. Those magnificent and powerful hands belong to our Nigerian and Plateau State farmers”, he said. Nasreddin said for many years NASCO have purposefully devoted significant professional and monetary resources to aiding farmers in becoming smarter and stronger at what they do. “Nigerian farmers help to safeguard the country’s food security now and in the future, food security in itself is futile if it does not reach Nigerian households. Through our cornflakes plant, NASCO foods have worked relentlessly to bridge the gap between Nigerian homes and the inherent goodness of Nigerians maize”, he said. The NASCO boss said in terms of technology, the new plant is cutting-edge and among the best in the world, adding that the facility will continue to flake the rich yellow maize, ensuring that NASCO cornflakes are fortified with vitamin A. In his testimony, a farmer who is one of the beneficiaries of NASCO’s partnership, said he has received over 37 trucks of fertilizers. He lauded the Nasreddin for his interest to ensure that farmers grow beyond just being peasant farmers. By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - In their quest to create more employment opportunities for Nigerians, NASCO Foods is set to launch a new plant for its most wanted Fast Moving Consumers Goods (FMCGs), NASCO Cornflakes. The new plant for cornflakes becomes necessary considering the demand and expansion of… In "News" By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The call by the Federal Government for Nigerians to patronize made in Nigeria goods and services was aimed at boosting local production and to enhance the growth of the nation's economy. The Federal Government had said it would focus on creating the enabling… In "Business" Jos - The Jos-based NASCO Group of Companies have secured an approval to export 19 products under the ECOWAS Trade Liberalisation Scheme (ETLS), its marketing consultant, Mr Haroun Audu, said in Jos on Thursday. ``We have ECOWAS' approval to export 19 products; it is a major breakthrough in Nigeria's search… In "Business"