By YUNUS YUSUF IKEJA- The Accident Investigation Bureau Nigeria (AIB-N) has begun preliminary investigation into the accident involving Overland aircraft on its approach at the Lagos Airport on Wednesday. The General Manager, Public Affairs, AIB-N, Mr Tunji Oketunbi, confirmed this development in a statement issued in Lagos. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that passengers on board Overland Airways Flight from Ilorin to Lagos on Wednesday confirmed that one of the two engines’ aircraft caught fire before it landed at the international runway (R18R) of MMIA. However, no passenger was hurt, as the 33 persons and crew on board the aircraft disembarked safely on landing. Oketunbi said that the AIB had sent its investigators to conduct preliminary investigation into the occurrence. “The incident involved Overland Airways aircraft ATR42, Registration Marks 5N-BRQ on flight OLA1188 from Ilorin to Lagos. “Runway 18R, Murtala Muhammad International Airport around 18:40 on June 15, 2022,” he said. Reacting to the incident, the Managing Director of Overland Airways, Edward Boyo, in a statement, explained that the aircraft experienced unusual high turbine temperature on one of its engines when it was on approach to land in Lagos. “Overland Airways wishes to inform the general public that its flight OF1188 from Ilorin to Lagos experienced an unusual high turbine temperature on one of its engines today, Wednesday June 15, 2022 around 7:50pm. “This occurred in the approach phase of flight and the aircraft landed very safely as the Crew skilfully implemented their standard procedures for such abnormal situations. “All 33 passengers remained calm through the process and safely disembarked row by row in accordance with post COVID-19 procedures after the aircraft came to a halt on the Murtala Mohammed International Airport Lagos runway 18 Right. “No passenger was hurt in any way,” he said. Boyo also commended the prompt response of aviation agencies when they were apprised of the incident. He regretted any inconvenience to its passengers and assures the travelling public of its full commitment to safety of its services and passengers. (NAN) LAGOS - A major air accident was averted when an Overland Airways aircraft made an emergency landing at the Murtala Muhammad International Airport, Lagos, from Ilorin International Airport in Kwara State.  The incident happened on Wednesday night when one of the engines caught fire mid-air as the plane was approaching… In "Top Stories" Lagos - The Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB) on Wednesday said it had begun investigation of Tuesday's air return by Aero Contractors Airline Flight NG127 at the Murtala Muhammed Airport in Lagos. The AIB's spokesperson, Mr Tunji Oketunbi disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in… In "News" By Adekunle Williams and Solomon Asowata Lagos -  The Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB) has dispatched investigators to Port Harcourt Airport to investigate the incident involving a Dana aircraft, which overshot the runway of the airport on Tuesday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the spokesperson for the bureau,… In "News"