By IKECHUKWU IWEAJUNWA OWERRI- The Imo Police command has clarified that Prof. Adiele Jachimike, a staff member of Boss FM radio, was arrested by policemen from Owerri Area Command, not abducted by gunmen as being claimed.The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) CSP Mike Abattam disclosed this in a statement on Sunday.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that social media reports claimed on Saturday that Jachimike was abducted by gunmen at the Boss FM radio station after presenting a programme.The news of his abduction caused serious panic in Imo.The police, however, described the news of the abduction as false and claimed he was arrested over a case of financial fraud reported against him.“The news is false, because he was never abducted rather, he was arrested by police operatives from Police Area Command Owerri, lmo State.“The fact was that sometime in the month of March, 2022, a lady reported a case of fraud against Prof. Jachimike Adiele at the Police Area Command Owerri, alleging that the suspect collected N1.2 million  from her with a promise to give her a shop in Douglas market.The PPRO stated that after some months, the victim discovered that there was no shop and demanded for her money but could not get it hence, her report .He said on the strength of the complaint, Adiele was invited and after his statement, he was released on bail due to his status in the society and he promised refunding the money back to the victim but never did.” When all efforts made to reach him proved abortive, the surety was invited and he claimed not to know the whereabout of the suspect and pleaded for time to trace him.“Luck ran against him today when the surety got information that he was in the studio presenting a programme and alerted the police.“On arrival, the police were professional, they never went to the station rather, they waited until he concluded his programme presentation and was heading home when he was arrested to the station.” He has since been released and on conclusion of investigation, he will be charged to court”, Abattam said. (NAN) By SUNDAY JOHNLAFIA- Gunmen on Sunday,  killed Mr Zakari Kigbu, a  former Federal Commissioner of National Population Commission (NPC) at his residence in Azuba community near Lafia, Nasarawa State capital.ACP Ramhan Nansel, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Nasarawa State Command, confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria… In "News" •Murdered Zakari Umaru-Kigbu LAFIA - Gunmen have killed a retired Nigerian Air Force officer and former Commissioner of the National Population Commission (NPC), Mr. Zakari Umaru-Kigbu, in Nasarawa State. They also abducted two of his daughters. It was learnt that the incident occurred in the late hours of Saturday at… In "Top Stories" By SUNDAY BASSEYMkpat Enin- The police command in Akwa Ibom has confirmed the abduction of a Catholic priest, Alphonsus Uboh, at the church premises in Mkpat Enin Local Government Area of the state.SP Odiko Macdon, the State Police Public Relations Officer, disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "Metro"