ABUJA – Following reports of surge in turnout of Nigerians wanting to register for Permanent Voter Cards (PVC) in some parts of the country, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has announced the deployment of additional 209 machines in the most affected areas namely the five states of the South-East, Lagos and Kano states. Announcing the new measure in a statement issued on Friday, Festus OkoyeChairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, said the surden surge was an affirmation of the public’s increasing confidence in the electoral process. The full statement reads: ONGOING CONTINUOUS VOTER REGISTRATION (CVR) EXERCISE The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has received reports from our States indicating an unprecedented surge in the number of citizens that wish to register as voters and the challenges they face across the country. In some States, the sudden turnout of prospective registrants is overwhelming. Consequently, the Commission convened an urgent meeting with all the Resident Electoral Commissioners (RECs) yesterday Thursday 9th June 2022 to review the situation so that eligible Nigerians who wish to register are able to do so. The necessity to urgently deploy more voter enrolment machines to ease the congestion at the registration centres was identified as a priority. In response, the Commission has immediately released additional 209 machines deployed mainly to the five South Eastern States, Lagos and Kano where the pressure is most acute. The Commission will monitor the situation over the next few days. Thereafter, it will meet to review the progress of the exercise. Every step will be taken and all options will be explored to ensure that eligible Nigerians are given the opportunity to register as voters. The Commission appeals for patience and understanding of all citizens. Every Nigerian who is 18 years of age and above has the constitutional right to register and vote in any part of the country he/she resides without let or hinderance. The sudden surge is an affirmation of the increasing confidence Nigerians have in our electoral process. The Commission will continue to ensure that this confidence is sustained. Barr. Festus OkoyeChairman, Information and Voter Education CommitteeFriday 10th June 2022 LAGOS - There was mild drama on Thursday at Alaba International Market, Ojo, Lagos after Igbo traders who had shut down their shops to register for PVC were attacked by hoodlums. According to reports, officials of the international market had instructed that all shops be shut to allow their members… In "Politics" By ANGELA ATABO ABUJA- NESSACTION, a Civil Society Organisation, in collaboration with INEC, on Tuesday launched Continuous Voter Registration (CRV) and Permanent Voters’ Cards (PVC) collection drive in 15 states.Executive Director NESSACTION, Mr Eniola  Cole,  said at the launch of the project on Tuesday in Abuja that the exercise was… In "News" By Eguonor Ighure Asaba- Delta Commissioner for Youth Development, Mr Ifeanyi Egwunyenga, has advised youths in the state to use the opportunity of the ongoing Continuous Voter Registration exercise to obtain their Permanent Voters Card (PVC). Egwuyenga made the call in a statement by the Public Relations Officer of the… In "Politics"