Abuja – University of Abuja’s Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Abdul-Rasheed Na’Allah, says the institution has gone tough on lecturers who are sexually harassing students, adding that two professors had been dismissed for the offence. Na’Allah told the News Agency of Nigeria on Monday in New York that the university had introduced a policy on sex abuse on campus, which had been published. The VC. who was on a two-day visit to US to meet with the University of Abuja Alumni Association, USA chapter, to solicit support for the institution, said, “Female students needed to be protected.” According to him, the institution is committed to high moral standards and will not tolerate any act of misconduct perpetrated by its staff members against students. He said, “I have dismissed two professors since I became the vice-chancellor. It tells you how we are serious about the issue of sexual harassment. “We are collaborating with some non-governmental organisations, to make sure that it is not only us that are addressing this issue, but we have a strong partnership. “We cannot allow the lives of our students to be destroyed because most of the abuses destroy the lives of their victims.” The vice-chancellor added, “It was sad to see some lecturers, who are supposed to be protecting the female students, becoming one of their problems.” By CECILIA OLOGUNAGBA Left- Vice Chancellor, University of Abuja, Prof. Abdul-Rasheed Na’Allah and the Consul- General (CG) of Nigeria in New York, Amb. Lot Egopija on courtesy visit of University of Abuja Alumni Members to the CG at Nigeria House, New York NEW YORK - The Vice Chancellor, University of… In "Education" The University of Abuja has announced that it is investigating over 10 cases of sexual harassment which have been transferred to its disciplinary committee. Also, the institution said that it has mounted 24-hour security surveillance within the campus and other sensitive positions to check kidnapping and other security challenges. The… In "News" By JOAN NWAGWU •Professor. Yemi Osinbajo Abuja- The Federal Government has appealed to the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) and other unions in tertiary institutions who are currently on strike to embrace dialogue.Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, Vice President, made the appeal during the 2022 International Workers Day celebration on Sunday… In "Politics"