Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The General and Special Court Martial set-up by Joint Military Task force Operation Hadinkai in North East has recommended the imprisonment of 30 soldiers and officers for committing various offences. The Theater Commander of Operation Hadinkai Major General Christopher Musa disclosed this during the inauguration of a Special Court Martial to try 29 soldiers at the headquarters of the theater in Maimalari Barrack in Maiduguri, Borno State. Musa who give the breakdown of the cases said a total of 227 soldiers and officers were presented before the military court. “What we have done is that they were recommended and forwarded to Army Headquarters. The confirming authority for the soldiers rest on the Chief of Army Staff and while the Army Council is the body to rectify the officers before the implementation.” “We have 30 imprisonment cases, 4 dismissal from the Armed forces , 25 reduction of rank and loss of seniority, 20 loss of pay, severe reprimand 17, discharge and acquitted 10, case struck off 14, recommended summary trial 107 and a total of 227. “The whole essence is to ensure there is justice that is why it took us sometime for us to bring this out because we don’t want anyone to feel he has been shortchange for whatever reason,” he said. (Daily Trust) By STANLEY NWANOSIKE ENUGU- No fewer than six soldiers of the Nigerian Army are currently facing a court martial for indiscipline and other related offences at the 82 Division of the Nigerian Army, Enugu. The soldiers, whose names were not mentioned, are between the ranks of corporal and lance corporal.… In "Metro" Premium Times- The Nigerian military on Monday commenced the court martial of a Brigadier General, Enitan Ransome-Kuti, and four other senior officers, blamed for the loss of Baga in Borno State, to Boko Haram insurgents in January. Mr. Ransome-Kuti, his Chief of Staff, Lieutenant Colonel G.A. Suru, and some other… In "News" By IFEANYI OLANNYE •At the 2022 Defence Retreat – “Asaba 2022” with the theme “Shaping the Armed Forces of Nigeria for Current and Future Security Challenges” Asaba- Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta has called on Nigerian military authorities to prioritise the welfare of officers and men of the armed forces… In "Security"