….Adamu: Buhari didn’t discuss zoning with party leaders….Osinbajo, Umahi, and Akpabio deny stepping down….Tinubu ‘under pressure to withdraw from the race Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) weekend, again, made a U-turn on zoning its presidential ticket to the Southern region of Nigeria, just less than 24 hours to the party’s national convention where delegates from across the country will elect a presidential candidate for the 2023 presidential election. The latest backtrack by APC fuels the month-long controversy over zoning of its presidential ticket or consensus candidate. Reports indicate that focus is on the party today, over the convention scheduled at Eagle Square, Abuja, as the twists and turns that have characterised the last three weeks may continue hours into the decisive primary. While stakeholders were already reacting to the purported zoning of the presidency to the South, which was sold as part of the outcome of President Muhammadu Buhari’s meeting with aspirants on Saturday night at the State House, it was an anti-climax, yesterday, when the APC National Chairman, Senator Abdullahi Adamu, said that President Buhari has not directed that the party’s presidential ticket should go to any particular geopolitical zone of the country. Spokesperson for the National Chairman, Muhammad Nata’ala Keffi, in a statement in Abuja, quoting his principal, said that the gathering didn’t discuss zoning. Keffi noted that such claims were false, mischievous and misleading. He said the President only advised the aspirants to build “a consensus that would help the party reduce the number of aspirants and bring up a formidable candidate.” In a meeting with the presidential hopefuls on Saturday night, Buhari, who asked aspirants to choose a formidable candidate from among themselves, affirmed that he would discuss it with more party stakeholders. Details of the caucus meeting were yet to be disclosed at press time last night. Meanwhile, hours to the commencement of the convention, it had been stories of alignment and ‘stepping downs’, followed by refusals and denials. Yemi Osinbajo’s Presidential Campaign Council (PYO) yesterday told APC national delegates that the Vice President has not stepped down from the race. Reports in the media had claimed that Southwest aspirants met, yesterday, in Abuja to deliberate on presenting a consensus candidate for the region. However, a statement signed by Richard Akinola, Chairman, PYO Media Council, told APC delegates that the trending report was fake news. He said, “we implore you to kindly disregard various fake news making the rounds that Prof. Yemi Osinbajo has stepped down. “The purveyors of this fake news are afraid of the huge political support base of the Vice President. Please note that no such action is being contemplated. Prof. Osinbajo is the leading aspirant, as attested to by the report of the party’s screening committee. He is ready for the primary and very sure of his victory.” However, it was gathered that the National Leader of the party, Asiwaju Ahmed Tinubu, is under pressure to forgo his presidential ambition. A party source, at the weekend, disclosed that President Buhari had last week sent some party leaders to convince Tinubu to step down in the interest of the party.It was gathered that the leading aspirant was enraged with the message and told the emissaries from the President why he should send them when he could have called or invited him for such discussion. The source said: “Asiwaju was very angry when they delivered the message. To him, if President Buhari has any reason why he didn’t want to support him for the ticket, there is nothing wrong for the President to call him and discuss it instead of working round to block his chances.” The source said the position of the President and some people around him might have angered Tinubu during his meeting with party delegates in Abeokuta, Ogun State last Thursday. It was also discovered that a meeting of party leaders convened in Abuja on Saturday evening failed to convince Tinubu to step down even when it was said that there are plans to provide him with a soft landing as the National Leader of the party. A source said: “A meeting was held on Saturday night and part of the agenda was to convince Tinubu to step down but we could not achieve it. A meeting was held by 3p.m yesterday, and there was no result, but another meeting will hold on Sunday night to prune down the number of aspirants and particularly, to convince Tinubu not to dare the President.” Meanwhile, both Governor of Ebonyi State, Dave Umahi and ex-Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Godswill Akpabio, has denied stepping down for Senate President, Ahmad Lawan and Tinubu respectively. According to the David Umahi Campaign Organisation (DUCO) in a statement by Orji Uchenna Orji, the Commissioner for Information and State Orientation, Ebonyi State, “Chief Umahi never stepped down, but Lawan only returned a consultation visit previously accorded to him by the governor and that both of them pledged to support each other in event of any of them emerging as the APC presidential candidate.” Also, sections of the media had reported that Akpabio had stepped down for Tinubu, but in a statement issued yesterday by the Director, Media and Publicity, Godswill Akpabio Campaign Organisation (GACO), Sylvester Okonkwo, Akpabio said he remained the aspirant to beat. The presidential hopeful insisted that he has no reason to withdraw, nor was he contemplating it, saying it was the wishful thinking of some mischief makers hired by some politicians to misinform and misdirect his supporters. ....Mudslinging as Rivers gov alleges smear plot ......Ex-Vice President in last minutes call with delegates Abuja - After months of rigorous campaign, the 14 aspirants jostling for the presidential ticket of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in next year’s election will submit themselves for assessment today in Abuja. Their fate… In "Top Stories" Abuja - The opposition Peoples Democratic Party said on Tuesday that all those who had purchased the presidential forms were free to contest its presidential ticket regardless of zones. The National Publicity Secretary of the PDP, Mr. Debo Ologunagba, said this during a chat with The PUNCH while responding to… In "Top Stories" By AKEEM ABAS •Governor Bala Mohammed Ibadan- Gov. Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State says he remains the most credible aspirant in the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the 2023 presidential election.Mohammed made the declaration at the Oyo State PDP secretariat in Ibadan on Sunday.The governor called on delegates to support… In "Politics"