IBADAN – Renowned Nigerian academic, researcher and former Provost of the College of Health Sciences of Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife, Prof. Femi Soyinka, is dead. A statement signed on behalf of the family by his son, Ayodele Soyinka, disclosed that Prof. Soyinka, aged 85 and younger brother of Nobel laureate Prof. Wole Soyinka, died in the early hours of yesterday, Tuesday, June 14, 2022, at his home in Kukumada Village, Ibadan, Oyo State. The statement below reads: “The Soyinka Family of Ake/Isara, Ogun State, has announced the passing of their father, grandfather, great grandfather, brother, uncle Professor Femi Soyinka, which occurred in the early hours of Tuesday, 14 June 2022 at his home in Kukumada Village, Ibadan, Oyo State. “Born in 1937 Professor Femi Soyinka received a Medical degree in Medicine and Surgery MBchB from University of Heidelberg, 1964; and Doctor of Medicine (MD) degree from the same University in 1965. He specialised and practised as a Dermatologist, Venereologist and Allergologist at the University of Giessen,1969. “In 1972, he obtained a Master of Public Health degree from Hadassah Medical School, (MPH) Israel. “He worked in the academic field for 30 years, holding various positions from Chief Medical Director to Dean of the Faculty of Health Sciences and the Provost of College of Health Sciences of Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife, Nigeria. He was also involved in ex-tensive research work on Tropical Skin Diseases and Sexually transmitted infections (STIs) in collaboration with the Federal government, international donor agencies and organizations such as the World Bank, UNDP, DFID, the British Council; and the International Development Re-search Centre, Canada. “He pioneered several researches in the field of HIV/AIDS and worked as consultant to various international and local agencies including the World Health Organization, DFID, UNDP and Nigerian Federal Ministry of Health based on his extensive experience on the subject in various parts of the country. “Prof. Femi Soyinka was in the forefront of mitigating the impact of HIV/AIDS in Nigeria. By translating the outcomes of his researches into clinical practice. He impacted significantly not only in the lives of numerous individuals and families living with the disease, but also on the nation as a whole. “He initiated the Ambassador of Hope program in Nigeria, encourag-ing people living with HIV/AIDs (PLWHAs) to speak up, thereby bringing the much-needed public awareness to the disease at a time when knowledge was low and stigma was high. He also demonstrated technical knowledge and was involved with many other HIV/AIDs related programs including HIV/AIDS prevention, care and support, prevention of mother-to-child transmission, ARV programs, voluntary counselling and testing (VCT) and home-based care for PLWHAs in Nigeria. Subsequently, he contributed significantly to capacity building of indigenous organizations across the six geopolitical zones of Nigeria through his non-governmental organization – New Initiative for the Enhancement of Life and Health (NELAH) previously known as; Network on Ethics/Human Rights, Law, HIV/AIDS-Prevention, Support and Care (NELA). He was a past president of Society for AIDS in Africa and he successfully coordinated the International Conference on AIDS and STIS In Africa (ICASA) in Abuja, Nigeria in the year 2005. “He is survived by his wife, children, grandchildren and great grandchildren. “Burial arrangements would be announced by the family later.” By MUFTAU OGUNYEMI Professor Wole Soyinka AKURA- Nobel Laureate and renowned playwright, Prof . Wole Soyinka, has described the attack on St. Francis Catholic Church, Owo, Ondo State, where many worshippers were killed, as a message to the entire people of South-West. Soyinka made his view known on Friday while… In "News" •Prof Fabian Osuji Although Prof. Fabian N. C. Osuji (former Minister of Education under the Obasanjo Administration) was born on 20th January 1942 and turned 80 years in January 2022, the activities marking his 80th birthday anniversary were held on Easter Sunday, April 17, 2022. The activities started with a… In "column - Friday" Prof Wole Soyinka ABUJA - Nobel Laureate Prof. Wole Soyinka on Saturday joined many others in the near global condemnation of the Imam of the National Mosque, Abuja, Prof Ibrahim Maqari, who justified the gruesome murder of Deborah Yakubu over alleged blasphemy. Soyinka who labelled Maqari an “apostate of the… In "News"