By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The immediate past Secretary General of the Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF), Anthony Sani has advised the All Progressive Congress (APC) and the Presidential flag bearer, Bola Ahmed to pick a Christian from the North as Vice President. He said this is very important in line with the principle of Federal Character as enshrined in the constitution. Sani stated this Monday in Jos during an interaction with journalists. “This is the only way to ensure peace and unity in view of the prevailing realities in the country. “Tinubu should not be intimidated by anyone putting him under pressure to fall for what can bring disunity and increased suspicion in the country”, Sani said On the choice of whom to pick, he advised him to go for the former speaker of the federal house of representatives Hon. Yakubu Dogara, saying that Dogara fits perfectly into the new consideration. “Dogara is a young man with sufficient public intelligence with a rich electoral asset. If you look at his electoral value he has never lost any election. “The former speaker was also able to command national respect because of his liberal disposition and because of that, he earned a liberal posture. “My suggestion does not mean that I have influence on Tinubu and the leadership of APC, but Tinubu has earlier said he knows how to hunt for his first eleven and as far as I am concerned Dogara can make Tinubu’s first eleven”. Wondered why the controversy on whether Tinubu should pick a Christian northerner or a Muslim, Saying that the constitution is very clear on it, in respect to the federal character which says “No any group should dominate, as such a thing will not promote unity of the country.” “As far as Nigeria is concerned, we have three dividing lines which are ethnicity, religion and regions and there is no way the president can pick his running mate from his region. “For instance, if the president comes from a region, the vice president must come from another region. If the President is coming from the South, naturally the vice president should come from the North”. Sani argued that because religion is also part of the three dividing lines, the constitution expects that the Vice President should come from the opposite of the President’s religion. “Some people have been saying it should not happen that way, but there is no way Tinubu will pick his vice from the south or northern Muslim as Vice President”, he said He however said that Tinubu has made it very clear that he is coming to unite the country and not to divide it, adding that if people are talking of Muslim, Muslim ticket he wonders if they are mindful of the federal character. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Senate President, Dr Bukola Saraki, has said he voted against a Muslim-Muslim presidential ticket when the All Progressives Congress was consulting on who would be chosen as the then party’s candidate and running mate in 2014. In a statement by the Head… In "Top Stories" By ADEYEMI ADELEYE Dr Tanko Yakasai, Elder Statesman LAGOS- Alhaji Tanko Yakasai, an elder statesman and founding member of  the Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF),  says the emergence of Sen. Bola Tinubu as APC presidential candidate signifies important political development for Nigeria. Yakasai, also a human rights activist and member of… In "Politics" THE two most disadvantaged groups in Nigeria’s representational politics are northern Christians and Southern Muslims. In Nigeria’s internal geopolitics, these two groups are structurally invisible, politically subjugated, and told to be content with their political and symbolic marginality. Bola Ahmed Tinubu, a Muslim from Osun/Lagos states, and Yakubu Dogara, a… In "Opinion"