LAGOS – The Lagos State Police Command has charged three suspects to court for allegedly beating a prostitute, Hannah Saliu, to death and setting her corpse ablaze for keeping the Holy Quran in her room. It was gathered that one of the suspects patronised Saliu and after having sex with her, he reportedly paid her N1,000 for the service. The customer was said to have left her room and she suddenly discovered that her N5,000 had gone missing. She reportedly ran after the customer and accused him of stealing her money. The accusation, however, degenerated into an argument. The customer was said to have mobilised his friends to Saliu’s room to search for the missing money. While searching the place, the friends reportedly found a Quran underneath her pillow. A source said Saliu was questioned for possessing the Quran with the kind of job she was doing, adding that the customer and his friends, who became infuriated by the discovery, pounced on her, beat her up and set her ablaze. The source said, “What happened was that the girl was a prostitute and a customer patronised her and after sleeping with her, the customer paid N1,000 for her service. “But when the customer was leaving, he stole the prostitute’s N5,000 and after discovering that her money had gone missing, the prostitute chased him to ask for her money. “The Northerners, who were with the customer that the girl accused of stealing her money, asked if she was sure that he stole her money. So, they decided to go and search her room where she attended to her customers. “While searching the room, they found Quran under her pillow and started asking what she was using the Quran for as a prostitute. So, they started attacking her; they stabbed her, took her out and set her ablaze. “The incident happened at Alaba Rago, where a lot of Northerners reside. The girl that was killed also came from the North. Their grouse was that she was not supposed to be carrying Quran because of the kind of work she was doing.” The state Police Public Relations, SP Benjamin Hundeyin, confirmed the incident. He said, “The case is at the State Criminal Investigation Department, Yaba, and three suspects have been charged to court. The incident happened in April.” A source identified the suspects as Abubakar Musa, Sarauta Monsur, and Surajo Yusuf. (The PUNCH) Late Deborah Samuel Yakubu The rule of law must be allowed to triumph in the matter of the barbaric murder of Deborah Samuel no matter whose ox is gored. Therefore the Sokoto State police, State security agents and the authorities must not succumb to the cheap blackmail and intimidation of… In "Opinion" Murdered Deborah Yakubu A Sokoto mob on Saturday violently protested against justice for Deborah Yakubu who was murdered by her schoolmates in broad daylight. They wanted her suspected killers released without trial. The mob thought the state did not owe the murdered that duty of care, even in death. She… In "Opinion" Tragic... Burning of Miss Deborah Yakubu, 200 level home economics student of Shehu Shagari College of Education, Sokoto, on Thursday By EMMANUEL OGEBE It is highly traumatising indeed for all of us who have seen this replay ad nauseam to learn of the brutal lynching and burning of Deborah Emmanuel,… In "News"