By SALISU SANI-IDRIS ABUJA- The Minister of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Malam Muhammad Bello, on Tuesday inaugurated the newly elected six Area Council chairmen and their deputies.Bello, while inaugurating the chairmen in Abuja, urged them to focus on good governance aimed at satisfying the yearnings and aspirations of the electorate.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the new chairmen and councillors of the six Area Council were elected on Feb. 12.The Chief Judge of the FCT, Justice Hussaini Yusuf, represented by Justice Suleiman Belgore, administered the Oath of Office on the chairmen and their deputies.The minister also enjoined them to abide by their Oath of Office and defend the Nigerian Constitution.“The time of electioneering is over. Now it is time to face and focus on good governance, to ensure that the electorate enjoy more dividends of democracy in the territory.“You should accord priority to primary health care services. I also urge you to give attention to sanitation, primary education and other basic social amenities,” Bello said.On his part, Alhaji Abubakar Dantsoho, Mandate Secretary for the FCT Area Council Services Secretariat, enjoined the chairmen to prioritise their programmes.“You were elected to perform and you are going to be judged by your performance. You can see about three of you were re-elected. If they had not perform well, I am sure they will not be elected by the electorate.“So, it is a very big challenge, it is not a time for jamboree. It is a time for governance and I urge you to do your best.“At the FCT Area Council Services Secretariat, we are very much incharge of the area councils and we will be going after them, inspecting their programmes and whoever did not perform, the law will take its course,” he warned.Earlier, the chairmen, while taking their Oath of Office, pledged to defend the country’s constitution and abide by the rules and regulations guiding the running of FCT.They also promised fair governance,  devoid of discrimination to all residents, irrespective of political, ethnic or religious affiliations.NAN reports that the event was attended by royal fathers from within and outside the territory, supporters of the chairmen, leaders and members of parties.The area councils that were inaugurated include AMAC, Bwari, Kuje, Gwagwalada, Abaji and Kwali. (NAN) By DIANA OMUEZA Abuja- The Progressive Democratic Youth Front, has urged FCT Minister Mohammed Bello not to extend the scheduled swearing-in of the chairmen and councilors-elect of the six Area Councils slated for May 20 in Abuja. The group said this in a statement co-signed on Thursday in Abuja by… In "Politics" By EMMANUEL OLONIRUHA ABUJA- The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Friday released the Regulations and Guidelines for the Conduct of Elections in 2022.The guidlines that supersede all other regulations were released by Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, the INEC Chairman,during a special meeting of the Inter-agency Consultative committee on election security… In "Politics" Abuja  -  The FCT Minister, Malam Muhammad Bello, has called on the new chairmen of the six area councils in the territory to evolve a new and dynamic road map for grassroots development. Bello made the call on Tuesday in Abuja when declaring open a one-day retreat for the council… In "News"