By ISMAILA CHAFE ABUJA- President Muhammadu Buhari officially received Governor-elect of Ekiti, Mr Biodun Oyebanji, at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, on Monday.The newly-elected governor was led to the event by Chairman of All Progressives Congress (APC), Sen. Abdullahi Adamu, Governors Kayode Fayemi, Atiku Bagudu, Mohammed Badaru of Ekiti, Kebbi and Jigawa, respectively.The president stated that he keenly followed the polls held on Saturday, June 18, and was delighted with the orderly conduct, and the way the electorate and security agencies comported themselves.“I loved how the APC Governors mobilized, and supported you,” the president told Oyebanji.He added: “I think the party is very lucky, and things are getting better. I congratulate the Chairman, and I pray you sustain it.”In his remarks, Adamu ascribed all the glory for the election victory to God, and pledged that same would be replicated in Osun State next month.In his capacity as Chairman of the Campaign Council for Ekiti, Gov Badaru congratulated the president on the successful outing.He said, “Your unending effort to reposition the party is paying off. If we combine the votes of the candidates that came second and third, our candidate still beat them by a wide margin.”APC is being daily endeared to Nigerians. Our gratitude goes to you, Mr President.”While appreciating the president, Oyebanji said the election was a referendum on the party, “and a clear, positive signal to the election in Osun, and the national one next year. APC is still the party of choice.”Oyebanji lauded the president “for the leadership and the level playing field you provided.”He pledged that he would be magnanimous in victory, as earlier advised by President Buhari. (NAN) By VICTOR ADEOTI Governor Adegboyega Oyetola OSOGBO- Gov. Adegboyega Oyetola of Osun  has congratulated Mr Biodun Oyebanji, the gubernatorial candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti, on his victory at Saturday’s governorship election in the state.This is contained in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Ismail… In "Politics" By IDOWU GABRIEL Senator Bola Tinubu ADO-EKITI- The Presidential Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Sen. Bola Tinubu, has boasted that no political party can wrestle power from the rulling APC.He said APC has brought so much development to the country that it will be difficult for any other… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has congratulated the candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Biodun Oyebanji, on his resounding victory in the Ekiti State governorship election, which was held on Saturday. According to the statement signed by the Special Adviser (Media)… In "Top Stories"