By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Facts have emerged that the Labour Party Candidate and the former Governor of Anambra State Mr Peter Obi may have shifted attention to the National Conscience Party, (NCP) Chairman and spokesperson for the Third Force, Dr Yunusa Tanko. The move according to a source close to the party was informed by the deadlock in talks between Obi’s camp and that of Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, a former Governor of Kano State. Our source further revealed that majority of Obi’s supporters have become impatient over the unending talks with Kwankwaso and have shifted interest to Dr Tanko who they believe would be a good bridge between the youths and the old block. He observed that, “Tanko who is about fifty years old and much younger than Kwankwaso will appeal to the youths who are driving the power shift more than someone who is over sixty years old. “It is Obi who is the rallying point here and not Kwankwaso so why the bluffing. We can no longer beg him. Let us see how far he can go without Peter Obi”. The group rooting for Tanko as the running mate to Obi, our source further added was of the opinion that the NCP man had been more consistent and stable in ideology than Kwankwaso who had been jumping from one political party to another before finally ending up with New Nigeran Party, (NNP). The source who expressed optimism about the final emergence of the NCP Chiltern further added that, “the good thing is that Dr Tanko is from Kano like Kwankwaso so his choice will be a good substitute to him, (Kwankwaso). Similiarly social media influencer and a popular public comentator, Mr Majeed Dahiru has lended his voice to the push for Dr Yunusa Tanko to run with Peter Obi in place of Kwankwaso for the 2023 presidential election. Speaking on African Independent Television, (AIT) prime morning programme, Kakaaki, he opined that people are canvassing for Peter Obi candidacy and not for the running mate. Dahiru further stressed that with the sudden rise in the profile of Labour Party in less than two months after Peter Obi became the candidate was a proof that with or without Kwankwaso his popularity would not diminish. He noted that what was happening currently could be basically termed a revolution that would usher in a new order in the country’s political land scape that would shock many. .... Ex-VP, PDP fear regional divisions in S’East, North may work for APC candidate .....Former Lagos gov moves to douse Muslim-Muslim ticket tension Abuja - The leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party and its presidential candidate for the 2023 election, Atiku Abubakar, are mulling over the option of engaging the… In "Top Stories" Peter Obi and Rabiu Kwankwaso ABUJA - Dr Agbo Major, National Publicity Secretary of the New Nigerian Peoples Party (NNPP), has given an update on the alliance talks between their party and the Labour Party (LP). In an interview with Daily Trust, Agbo said discussions are progressing smoothly and he… In "Top Stories" •Peter Obi (left) and Rabiu Kwankwaso ABUJA - The much-talked about mega party that will have the capacity to face the two behemoths – Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the All Progressives Congress (APC) – may be a reality in the 2023 elections going by the revelations of the former… In "Top Stories"