ABUJA – A former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, has said he would support Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, the presidential candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in the 2023 elections.In a message sent to Sundiata Post on Thursday, Fani-Kayode said as long as he is a member of APC he would support the party except the party does something like fielding a Muslim-Muslim ticket. The full statement reads: “For those who believe that I should not support Jagaban today simply because of what I said about him in the past I say grow up and hear the following:No matter what transpired before, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu is now the democratically-elected and legitimate candidate of the political party to which I belong. “Do you really expect me to turn my back on my party simply because he is our flag bearer? “Do you expect me to fold my arms, remain silent and say nothing whilst you try to take him and our party to the cleaners and stop us from winning power at the center? Is that how politics works? “If that is your expectation and wish you will wait forever. Hell will freeze over before I do that. “Party loyalty is everything and unless and until I change parties I will remain faithful, loyal and true to all our flagbearers and candidates in the APC and write, speak and fight for them. “Leave me alone to make my choices just as you have made yours. “Follow whoever you believe in all the way to the toilet and let me follow Jagaban to victory.“If Jagaban or APC does something wrong tomorrow or fields a Muslim/Muslim ticket with a Muslim VP that I regard as being a danger to Christians I will leave them and fight against them. “This much I assure you because I do not shy away from such things especially when it comes to matters touching and concerning my faith. “However if they field a Muslim/Christian ticket or a Muslim/Muslim ticket with a Muslim VP that is reasonable, moderate and trustworthy and that I am sure will protect the Christian and national interest I will support them with every fiber of my being. “It is as simple as that. I make my choices and you can make yours after which we will meet in the field. I don’t care what choices you make so why should you care about mine? “In any case if I am so inconsequential why should it bother you who I support and why do you keep coming to my wall and commenting on my opinions? “Why should I continue to be an integral part of your strange and complicated little universe? “Am I the only former Minister or former public office holder in politics? “I left public office in 2007, which is 15 years ago, yet you still wait on every word I utter and watch everything I do and say. “You want to know what I wear, what I eat, what I think, who I spend my time with, what I drink, who I support, how many times I go to the bathroom in one day and so on and so forth. “For this I say “thanks be to God” but I really do wonder why you are so obsessed with FFK? “Is it that secretly  you want to be like me? “I do not know who you are or even of your existence yet you seek to know everything about me and what I think or believe on any and every issue. “Is this not strange? Is there not more to it than meets the eye? “Whichever way, whether you like it or not Jagaban WILL win. “After that you will cry, sulk and then come and beg us for support and help. “You will lobby us for this, that and the other. “I have seen it all before. You insult on the wall and beg for help in the inbox. “There is nothing new in this world or under the sun. “Keep on hating and insulting as much as you like but please allow me to make my choices. “This is my lawful and constitutional right. It is also my duty and obligation before God and man. “And when you come for help, despite your hateful, venomous and vicious rantings and ravings and in spite of your malevolent disposition, be rest assured that we will still do our best to help you and give you a better quality of life. “That is why we are in politics and that is what civilised people, serious politicians and real men always do. “We pity and forgive the underdog and the most undeserving and we open our arms and show mercy even to the cruel when they see the light. “End of story. “Have a great day!” Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu A high-ranking and respected official of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) came to see me yesterday and expressed concern about my disposition towards a Muslim/Muslim ticket. He informed me about CAN's vehement opposition to such a ticket and said that the leadership of the organisation… In "Opinion" APC presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu ABUJA - Despite all odds, former governor of Lagos State, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, on Wednesday clinched the presidential ticket of the All Progressives Congress (APC) for the 2023 presidential election. There were 13 void votes. Tinubu polled a total 1,271 votes to… In "Top Stories" Dr. Kayode Fayemi The political trajectory of Nigeria in the next four years will be initialised this Saturday – as the two leading political parties (the APC and the PDP) select candidates for the 2023 presidential election. The fate our nation rests in the whimsical repository of a few deciders.… In "Opinion"