By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Ambassador Yohnna Margif has clinched the Labour Party LP ticket to run for Governorship seat of Plateau State in the 2023 general elections. It would be recalled that Chief Margif who is the Wazirin Mushere was the Member of the APC and had purchased the APC governorship nomination, but later defeated to Labour Party while citing imposition of Candidate. At the primary election held at Renat Hotel Jos the 85 delegates, five each from the 17 LGC of the State unanimously affirmed Margif as the candidate in the presence of INEC officials, security personnel, Media and supporters of the party. National Chairman of the Labour Party Comrade Barr. Julius Abure who conducted the Primary election said Labour Party is the party that will liberate the masses from the poverty that the APC and PDP brought to Nigerians. Represented by comrade Joseph Ndirang noted that the manifesto of the Labour Party is to present credible and quality candidate during the General elections that will focus on Education, Health, Security, economy and the welfare of Nigerian Workers. The National Chairman who was the electoral officer in charge of conducting the Governorship Primary elections in Plateau State declared Ambassador Yohanna Margif as the elected candidate of the Party for Plateau State Governorship seat. The Labour Party Candidate Ambassador Yohanna Margif in his acceptance speech after being declared winner said he is convinced that he will be the next Governor of Plateau State after Lalong, saying the party will work together to the success of the election come 2023. “I promise never to waiver or fail. I promise to energize and mobilize our teaming supporters in the next phase of the struggle, I put myself to the task knowing fully well that the foundation laid by our founding fathers must never be destroyed but built upon”. The State Chairman of the Labour Party, Plateau State, Comrade Mrs Grace Zamfara said they will work together with Plateau people to ensure that Ambassador Margif is elected as the Governor of Plateau State Come 2023. Having lost in the governorship primaries under the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Rivers State, Prince Tonye Princewill has now emerged for the race by clinching the Labour Party ticket. Princewill along with twelve other contestants for PDP’s governorship ticket in the state were first screened out but later participated… In "News" ABUJA - The Labour Party on Tuesday dismissed speculation that its governorship candidate in Delta, Chief Great Ogboru, had stepped down for his All Progressives Congress (APC) opponent, Mr O’tega Emerhor. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] Chairman of the party in the state, Chief Tony Ezeagwu, made this known to the News Agency… In "News" JOS - The Labour Party (LP),  Mega Progressives Peoples Party (MPPP) and  All Progressives Congress (APC) in Plateau have joined forces to fight Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the April 11, elections. The LP gubernatorial candidate, Ambassador Bagudu Hirse, and the MPPP candidate, Mrs Elizabeth Yirse, told journalists in Jos… In "News"