LAGOS – Two reporters received injuries on Sunday as hoodlums attacked the convoy of journalists covering the welcome event for APC presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu on Lagos Island. The incident occurred at Adeniji end of Isale Eko after the ruling party’s standard bearer visited the Oba of Lagos on his return to his home state after emerging as a presidential candidate in the 2023 general elections. Tinubu was heading to his Bourdilon Ikoyi residence from the palace. The hoodlums threw stones and other dangerous weapons at the convoy as it drove from the palace. Some of them were wielding swords and cutlasses smashing side glasses and front windshields of vehicles that were attached. Though Tinubu was not affected by the attack, the bus conveying journalists and the backup security car on the convoy were the most affected. Two journalists sustained injuries and are receiving medical attention. The former Lagos State Governor arrived in Lagos on Sunday after the Ekiti State governorship election and was received at the Presidential Wing of Murtala Mohammed International Airport in Ikeja before proceeding to the palace of the Oba of Lagos. (Journalist101) By OLUWATOPE LAWANSON /FLORENCE ONUEGBU LAGOS- A Thousands of APC supporters and leaders  on Sunday,   stormed the Presidential Wing of the Muritala Mohammed International Airport, Ikeja, Lagos, to welcome Sen. Bola Tinubu, the party’s presidential candidate.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Tinubu, a former governor of Lagos State,… In "News" Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, APC presidential candidate It has been seven years of attrition, hate-bartering and exhausting recriminations. A new epoch is on the horizon, but the psychological mutilations from these years of anger may shape up to be the frustrations of the next administration. Nigeria needs healing. The country… In "Opinion" By ALABA-OLUSOLA OKE Senator Bola Tinubu OWO(ONDO STATE)-A National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Sen. Bola Tinubu, has donated N75 million to the victims of Sunday’s gunmen attack on St. Francis Catholic Church, Owo.Tinubu, a presidential aspirant on the platform of APC, made the donation on Monday in… In "News"