By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has disclosed that a delegation from its Committee on Foreign Affairs would depart Nigeria on July 1, 2022, to pay a visit to Senator Ike Ekweremadu and his wife. Lawan made this known on Wednesday, while giving details into the outcome of a closed session held by the upper chamber before the start of plenary proceedings. The closed door session which started about 10:57 a.m ended at 11:49 a.m.According to Lawan, the decision to wade into Ekweremadu’s arrest and detention over allegations of organ harvesting was against the backdrop of a briefing received by the Nigerian High Commissioner to London. He further disclosed that the Senate would engage the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Nigerian High Commission in London on the recent arrest of Senator Ike Ekweremadu by the London Metropolitan Police in the United Kingdom. He said, “I had a personal engagement with our Nigerian High Commissioner to Britain, Alhaji Isola Sarafa, who has done so well to establish contact with our colleague, who has been able to get his team to be in the court at Uxbridge  where Ekweremadu was taken to. “The high Commission has also been able to provide some consular services that include the engagement of some lawyers who will defend our colleague. “We commend them for giving attention to the issue at stake. Equally, the Nigeria Foreign Affairs Minister has been engaged here, so that the Ministry of Foreign Affairs takes steps to provide diplomatic support for our colleague. “Because this issue is already in court, we have limited opportunity to discuss beyond what we have done so far. “But I want to ensure the family of our colleague, Senator Ike Ekweremadu and Nigerians, that the Senate will continue to engage with our ministry of foreign affairs as well as our high commission in London. “The High Commission has done so much but we still expect that it will continue to provide any other further consular services. “We have also mandated our committee on foreign affairs to engage with the British high commission here in Nigeria, to find more details on this case, as  as far as the high commission is involved. “There will be a delegation to London to see Senator Ike Ekweremadu and his wife. A delegation from the Senate Committee on Foreign Affairs of the Senate will leave in the next two days to London for that purpose. “I want to urge all all federal government institutions that can do anything to ensure that Justice prevails in this case, that they do so.” Former Deputy Senate President of Nigeria, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, and Beatrice, his wife, have been arrested in London. According to the Metropolitan Police, they were arrested and charged with bringing a child to the UK for organ harvesting. The child, whose identity was not disclosed, is reportedly with the Metropolitan… In "Top Stories" LONDON - Dr Ike Ekweremadu, former Deputy Senate President, and his wife, Beatrice, have been arrested and detained by the Specialist Crime Team of the Metropolitan Police in London. According to Sky News, the two suspects were arrested for alleged conspiracy to harvest the organs of a child. But the… In "Top Stories" By MARTIN ROBINSON and JAMES ROBINSON LONDON - Nigerian Senator Ike Ekweremadu and his wife, Beatrice Nwanneka Ekweremadu today (Thursday) appeared in a London court accused of plotting to traffic a homeless child into the UK in order to harvest his organs. Ike Ekweremadu, a People's Democratic Party politician for… In "Top Stories"