ABUJA – There was a drama at the Supreme Court sitting in Abuja on Thursday as a Lagos-based human rights lawyer, Malcom Omoirhobo, caused a stir in the courtroom when he appeared in full traditional attire called ‘Olokun’, the god of rivers to attend court proceedings. The lawyer said he dressed to court in that manner in exercising his fundamental human rights following the judgement of the Supreme Court that allowed all Nigerians to express their way of worship and the use of hijab in schools and public places. It would be recalled that the Supreme Court had on Friday given approval to female Muslim students to wear hijab to school in Lagos State. Daily Independent reported that five out of the seven members of the court’s panel which sat on the case ruled in favour of hijab while the two remaining members dissented. The lawyer who arrived at the court at about 9:05 am created a scene in the courtroom when other lawyers who have already been seated were taken by surprise to see him robed in traditional attire thereby making him to look like a herbalist. The lawyer who gained entry into the court was barefooted with feathers attached to his wig. He was also wearing a gourd as necklaces with cowries and a red wrapper tied around his waist. He dared the police officers and security guards who approached him to go out, saying that he has the right to come to the court in his traditional regalia without any harassment in line with the judgement. The court proceedings were abruptly stopped when the presiding justice suddenly announced that they would be going for a short break. Though it could not be immediately ascertained what was responsible for the short break. The situation attracted a large crowd who thronged the courtroom to catch a glimpse as people were seeing using their mobile phones to take his pictures. Malcom who addressed journalists said ”I am very grateful to the Supreme court just last week Friday they made a very resounding decision that promotes Section 38 of the constitution. That is our right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion. That we are free to express our way of worship in our schools and in our courts. That decision was reached on Friday and that has encouraged me. ”Because I am a traditionalist and this is the way I worship. Based on the decision of the Supreme Court this is how I will be dressing henceforth in court because I am a strong adherent to ‘Olokun’ the god of rivers.” Malcom said the implication of the judgement was that all Nigerians including doctors, police, military students and journalists can now wear their mode of worship in public places. He added that he was not against the judgement rather he was happy with the decision because it strengthened and enriched the rights of all Nigerians as stipulated in the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria as amended. (Daily Independent) Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Supreme Court of Nigeria has granted the use of hijab by female Muslim students in Lagos State Government-owned schools. The court gave the judgment in an appeal – Lagos State Govt. and Ors V. Asiyat AbdulKareem with suit number SC/910/16 – on Friday in Abuja.… In "Top Stories" By TAIYE AGBAJEABUJA- A Federal High Court, Abuja, on Tuesday, fixed June 28 for report on the outcome of the Federal Government’s suit seeking an interpretation of Section 84(12) of the Electoral Amendment Act, 2022 before the Supreme Court.Justice Inyang Ekwo adjourned the matter after counsel for the plaintiff (Peoples… In "Politics" Justice Tanko Muhammad, Chief Justice of Nigeria Recently, in an unprecedented manner in the 58-year history of the Supreme Court of Nigeria, all the 14 serving Justices of the Supreme Court protested their horrific welfare and deplorable conditions of service to the Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN). In a world… In "Opinion"