By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -. The Executive Chairman of Isi-Uzo Local Government Area, Hon. Barr. Obiora Chibuzo Obeagu, has felicitated with the people of Isi-Uzo Local Government Area, on the occasion of democracy day celebration and thanked them for overwhelming supports and solidarity to his administration. The Chairman also lauded the Executive Governor of Enugu State, Rt. Hon. (Dr.) Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, for his exemplary leadership.He noted that Governor embraced the tenets of democratic governance through total adherence to the rule of law in the conduct of government business.He described the Governor as an epitome of democracy, pointing out that Ugwuanyi was among the very few Governors in Nigeria that have allowed the conduct of Local government elections and by implication ensured participatory democracy at the grassroots. The Chairman described democracy, “as the best form of government that provides the citizens the opportunity to participate in governance and policy making”. He stressed that his administration was aware of the yearnings and aspirations of Isi-Uzo people, and are genuinely committed to meeting these needs despite the challenges of limited resources. In a statement signed by Senior Special Assistant on Media, Simon Ede, the Chairman reiterated his commitment to mobilizing people of Isi-Uzo fully for participatory governance and addressing their basic needs in line with his administration’s agenda.. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Executive Chairman of Isi-Uzo Local Government Area, Hon. Barr. Obiora Chibuzo Obeagu, felicitates with Isi-Uzo workers on the occasion of workers' day. He described them as the engines and drivers of development in every society, stressing that their contributions to the society… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Executive Chairman of Isi Uzo Local Government Area of Enugu State, Barrister Obiora Obeagu has reiterated that education and welfare of the children remained priority in his administration. Barrister Obeagu stated this while addressing school children at the Local Government's parade ground,… In "Top Stories" By ALEX ENEBELI Enugu- The electoral panel from the National Secretariat of the PDP which conducted the congresses accros the 17 local government areas of Enugu State said the exercise was “peaceful, transparent and well organised”.The PDP LGA congresses were held to elect one National Delegate and nominate one Person Living… In "Politics"