By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former Nigerian President, Dr Goodluck Jonathan on Sunday arrived Nairobi ahead of the Presidential elections scheduled to hold August 2022. Jonathan is expected to take part in a pre-election assessment programme organised by the National Democratic Institute (NDI) and the International Rebublican Institute (IRI). The former president who disclosed this via his Facebook page with the pictures of his arrival, thanked the Government and people of Kenya as well as officials of the Nigerian embassy for a warm reception. He also wished the country a smooth and peaceful democratic transition. The statement reads in full: “Ahead of Kenya’s Presidential polls scheduled for August 2022, I arrived in Nairobi today to participate in a pre-election assessment programme organised by the National Democratic Institute (NDI) and the International Rebublican Institute (IRI). “I thank the Government and people of Kenya as well as officials of the Nigerian embassy for a warm reception and wish the country a smooth and peaceful democratic transition. Sundiata Post recalls that Jonathan introduced some reforms in the electoral process in Nigeria during his tenure as the president. He was famous for his popular adage that his ambition is not worth the blood of any of his citizen. Jonathan was the first incumbent president in Nigeria to be defeated by the opposition party and he called the winner to congratulate him even before the final announcement of the result.  ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Nigeria’s former President, Goodluck Jonathan, is scheduled to arrive Monrovia, the Liberian capital tomorrow (Sunday) as leader of the delegation of the United States’ National Democratic Institute (NDI) International Elections Observation Mission to Liberia’s presidential run-off polls, slated to hold on Tuesday, December 26. The run-off… In "Local News" Abuja - Some All Progressives Congress leaders have stepped up moves to adopt former President Goodluck Jonathan as the party’s consensus presidential candidate in 2023. The PUNCH on Tuesday learnt the moves formed part of the discussions between the former President and the APC National Chairman, Abdullahi Adamu, in Abuja… In "Top Stories" ABUJA - Former President Dr.Goodluck Jonathan and Benin Republic’s ex-President Nicéphore Soglo have been nominated to co-lead a pre-election assessment mission to the Republic of Guinea’s parliamentary elections scheduled for February 2020. The mission is being deployed by the National Democratic Institute (NDI) and Kofi Annan Foundation (KAF). The high… In "News"