ABUJA – National Chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Abdullahi Adamu will lead Senate President Ahmad Lawan to meet with President Muhammadu Buhari at the Presidential Villa, Abuja at 3pm today.On Monday Adamu announced Lawan as the party’s consensus candidate for the 2023 presidential election, a development that caused uproar in the party.President Buhari distanced himself from the party chairman’s position and announced that he had no anointed candidate.Sources close to the Senate President told Sundiata Post that the meeting with Buhari has to do with the presidential primary election of the party scheduled to take place today at Eagle Square, Abuja. In announcing Lawan as consensus candidate, Adamu had said he did so after meeting with Buhari.Though the Governors of the APC and the presidency has denied the Chairman, sources said the announcement by Adamu has the blessings of Aso Rock and the meeting later today is aimed at ironing some gray areas out. In a related development, Orji Uzor Kalu, Chief Whip of the Senate has congratulated Lawan in a statement he personally signed on Monday adding that the Senate President would be presented to Buhari for endorsement. He stated, “Sen Abdulahi Adamu has through a vigorous evaluation of all our able and qualified candidates, decided in the interest of our party and the future wellbeing of millions of Nigerians who look to our party for continuous leadership, decided that Senator Ahmed Lawan is the strongest and most suitable candidate to be the flag bearer of our party in the upcoming Presidential election. “The National Chairman and NWC of our party will present Senator Ahmed Lawan to the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria for his endorsement.” Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu ABUJA - Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, frontline APC  presidential aspirant on Monday evening challenged Alhaji Abdullahi Adamu, national chairman of the ruling party over the later's declaration of Senate President, Ahmad Lawan as consensus presidential candidate of the party for the 2023 presidential election.  He vowed to… In "Politics" President Muhammadu Buhari ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari is reported to have distanced himself from the announcement made by Alhaji Abdullahi Adamu, national chairman of APC that the ruling party had settled for Senate President, Ahmed Lawan as consensus presidential candidate of the party. This is as Nigeria awaits the… In "Top Stories" Some APC governors ABUJA - All Progressives Congress (APC) governors have submitted the names of five presidential aspirants to President Muhammadu Buhari to select a consensus candidate from, it was reliably gathered this morning, Daily Trust reports. A reliable source told this paper that the governors submitted the names in… In "Top Stories"