LONDON – The Uxbridge Magistrate Court  has denied Nigeria’s former deputy senate president, Ike Ekweremadu and his wife, Beatrice Nwanneka Ekweremadu bail. Both husband and wife will remain in custody till 7th July. The Senator representing Enugu West Senatorial zone and his wife were arrested by the Metropolitan police over alleged conspiracy to bring a child to the UK in order to harvest organs.A Met Police statement said: “A woman and a man were charged today with conspiring to arrange the travel of a child into the UK in order to harvest organs. “The charges follow an investigation by the Metropolitan Police’s Specialist Crime team. “[A] Beatrice Nwanneka Ekweremadu, 55 (10.9.66) of Nigeria is charged with conspiracy to arrange/facilitate travel of another person with a view to exploitation, namely organ harvesting. “[B] Ike Ekweremadu, 60 (12.05.62) of Nigeria is charged with conspiracy to arrange/facilitate travel of another person with a view to exploitation, namely organ harvesting. “They have both been remanded in custody and will appear at Uxbridge Magistrates’ Court later today. “The investigation was launched after detectives were alerted to potential offences under modern slavery legislation in May 2022. “A child has been safeguarded and we are working closely with partners on continued support. “As criminal proceedings are now under way we will not be providing further details.” LONDON - Dr Ike Ekweremadu, former Deputy Senate President, and his wife, Beatrice, have been arrested and detained by the Specialist Crime Team of the Metropolitan Police in London. According to Sky News, the two suspects were arrested for alleged conspiracy to harvest the organs of a child. But the… In "Top Stories" Former Deputy Senate President of Nigeria, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, and Beatrice, his wife, have been arrested in London. According to the Metropolitan Police, they were arrested and charged with bringing a child to the UK for organ harvesting. The child, whose identity was not disclosed, is reportedly with the Metropolitan… In "Top Stories" By ALEX ENEBELIENUGU- Sen. Ike Ekweremadu, gubernatorial aspirant in Enugu State says it will appeal the Federal High Court, Abuja ruling that dismissed his application seeking to upturn the PDP delegates list.This is contained in a statement they issued on Tuesday in Enugu, signed by Mr Charles Asogwa, Director-General, of… In "Politics"