By ABUJAH RACHEALABUJA- Dr Abisoye Abayomi, an oncologist, says testicular cancer is most common in men, between the ages of 20 and 35 years, adding that the risk factors include a history of undescended testis and male infertility.Abayomi made this revelation in an interview with the News Agency Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in Abuja.Testis or Testes (also called testicles) are a part of the male reproductive system responsible for sperm production and storage.They are housed in the scrotal sac, below the penis and are also responsible for producing the hormone testosterone.The testicles are originally located in the abdomen but move down to the scrotum before birth because the abdomen is too hot for them.Cancer occurs when cells grow in a disorderly fashion, ignoring signals to die and grow into nearby and distant areas.Testicular cancer is cancer affecting the testes. It may affect one or both at any time but is usually present in one.While most cancers affecting the testes start from the testes (primary testicular tumours), cancers from nearby organs can also spread to the testes and infiltrate them (secondary spread).When compared with other types of cancer, testicular cancer is rare.Abayomi said, however, that testicular cancer is curable, even when cancer has spread beyond the testicle.She explained that it does not take long to check the testicles and it could potentially save a life.“Self-examination is an easy way to screen. Seek a professional if you have concerns.“Depending on the type and stage of testicular cancer, you may receive one of several treatments or a combination,“ she said.According to her, testicular cancer starts when cells in the testicles grow out of control and crowd out normal cells.“Cancer can start anywhere in the body. Testicular cancer starts in the testicles, which makes hormones and sperm in men.“Cancer is always named for the place where it starts. So when testicular cancer spreads to the lung (or any other place), it is still testicular cancer.“It is not called lung cancer unless it starts from cells in the lung,” she said.Abayomi said that it is not only women that develop lumps or swellings, adding that men also experience the same.“Do not ignore a lump or swelling in the testicle, it is the most common symptom.“Heaviness or aching in the lower belly or testicles and voice changes and facial and body hair growth in a very young boy (early puberty) is also a symptom.“Massaging is the word, to be precise. Contrary to the belief, testicular cancer risk doesn’t increase due to any kind of injury to your testicles,” she said.According to the expert, for most cases of testicular cancer, an identifiable cause cannot be fingered.“That makes it difficult to prevent. There is a need for men to regularly examine themselves, this would help them quickly notice when there is a problem,” she said.NAN reports that the incidence of testicular cancer is steadily rising, according to the World Health Organisation (WHO).Globally, it is estimated that around 71,000 people were diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2018 with nearly 10,000 deaths.There are different types of testicular cancer based on the particular cells affected. (NAN) A new study has shown that the presence of testicles makes men more vulnerable to Coronavirus. According to a preliminary report posted on MedRxix, researchers in India followed recovery of 68 patients in Mumbai to study the gender disparity of the virus and Dr. Aditi Shastri, an oncologist at Montefiore… In "Health" A fertility and reproductive health expert has alerted that men should be more careful with some social habits they indulge in, as such are increasing their risk of coming down with low sperm count. Speaking with PUNCH HealthWise on Thursday in an exclusive interview, Dr. Ibrahim Wada, president, Association for… In "Health" By FOLASADE AKPAN Abuja- The Albinism Association of Nigeria (AAN), on Thursday in Abuja appealed to the Federal Government to reinstate the free skin cancer intervention programme which Persons With Albinism (PWA) enjoyed in the past.President of the Association, Mr Jake Epelle, made the appeal at a news conference to… In "Health"