By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Group under the auspices of Nzuko Umunna has.called on Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to as a matter of concern, extend the deadline for continuous voter registration to enable all eligible Nigerians register and be able to vote during elections.   This development is coming after the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC)  had suspended its online preregistration on 30th May 2022 but later hearkened to the calls for an extension. The Executive Secretary, Nzuko Umunna, Ngozi Odumuko disclosed this in a statement made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja. According to the statement, the group noted that this development is a positive one for our democracy as it signifies increasing interest of the citizens to participate in the electoral process and therefore should be encouraged by the electoral management body and all political stakeholders in the country. It also shows growing confidence in the electoral system. We commend INEC for this. Nzuko Umunna equally commended various religious bodies, civil society groups and individuals of all works of life who, since the voter registration exercise began, have been encouraging the citizens to register and be able to vote during elections. Some churches and other groups have gone further to offer their buildings to INEC to serve as temporal registration centers, while a good  number of people in different states have also assisted with logistics to help fasten the registration process for the citizens. Sequel to the call by some notable political figures for INEC to make provisions for eligible Nigerians  to register, the electoral umpire on Friday 10 June 2022, announced the deployment of additional 209 registration machines to Lagos, Kano and states in the South-East where the Commission has noticed large turnout of unregistered voters for the exercise in recent times. This is also commendable. Nzuko Umunna, however, noted with concern that with the current turnout of people who want to register in different states, if INEC goes ahead with its plan to suspend voter registration on 30 June, 2022, a lot of the citizens will be left unregistered and therefore, disenfranchised during the 2023 elections. Nzuko Umunna urge the Commission to ensure that all Nigerians who visit registration centres are given opportunity to register in all parts of the country where they reside no matter their tribe or religious affiliation as voting during elections is one of the civic obligations of every eligible citizen. We also request that INEC should make provisions for security in places where hoodlums invade to disrupt the exercise. The Commission should also deploy more personnel and registration machines to registration centres where there is large number turn out of unregistered voters, to fasten the process and avoid keeping people stranded and discouraged to continue with the exercise. Sundiata Post recalls that Nzuko Umunna is an Igbo socio-cultural think tank with members both in Nigeria and the diaspora. SIGNED: ABOUT NZUKO UMUNNA  ....Calls for investigation of allegations of bribery and non-deployment of personnel in some Registration Centers ....Commends INEC for deploying additional 209 machines to Kano, Lagos and five states in the Southeast. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - As part of efforts to provide independent oversight of the Continuous Voter… In "Top Stories" Abuja -. Unless President Muhammadu Buhari signs the fresh amendment to the Electoral Act into law by Sunday, himself, Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo, National Assembly members, governors, their deputies and other statutory delegates in the ruling All Progressives Congress may not be able to vote in the forthcoming primaries. Others who… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Monday released the update on the ongoing Continuous Voters Registration (CVR). According to the report, a total of 8,855,996 fresh registrants have been recorded out of which 5,415,619 are completed registration. Similarly, out of the 5,415,619… In "Top Stories"