Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has raised the alarm over the alleged unlawful detention of Igbo youths, fathers and mothers in the northern part of the country. The group said the detainees were unlawfully abducted and moved to military facilities in North while some were killed. Its Media and Publicity Secretary Emma Powerful, in a statement, described the act as pure “human rights violation of a particular race” “racial profiling, violation of freedom of worship, discrimination and persecution”. It appealed to the International community to prevail on Nigeria Government and its security agents to discharge all the detainees. The statement partly reads: “We wish to condemn the continued and unlawful detention of Igbo youths, fathers and mothers in Imo State, Anambra State, Enugu State, Abia state and Ebonyi State detention facilities in the North more especially in Wawa military barracks at Kenji (Kainji) Niger State. “The people were unlawfully abducted and moved to the North since one year ago, they were being detained incommunicado, all efforts made by their lawyers, family and associates were rebuffed by Nigeria Government and her security agents in Wawa military barracks of Niger State. “We hereby bring to global consciousness the attitude of the Nigerian police/Military in whose custody our Igbo people are denied of their fundamental human right. Nation •The murdered soldiers, Master Warrant Officer Audu M Linus (Rtd), and Private Gloria Matthew THE Indigenous People of Biafra has denied complicity in the killing of a military couple on transit to Imo State and pointed accusing fingers at those it called agents created by the Nigerian government to destabilise… In "Top Stories" Governor Chukwuma Soludo (left) and Nnamdi Kanu when the governor visited the IPOB leader in detention recently... The South-East geo-political zone in Nigeria has been in turmoil for some time now. The nebulous activities of a group known derisively as ‘unknown gunmen’ have rendered the zone prostrate and about to… In "Opinion" .... Accuses FG and Security Forces of engaging in ethnic profiling and cleansing in Igbo Land. .... Expresses sadness over the silence of leaders of the south East extraction .... Calls on parents and relatives who are looking for missing loved ones since October/November 2020 to check the list so… In "Top Stories"