By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – In their quest to create more employment opportunities for Nigerians, NASCO Foods is set to launch a new plant for its most wanted Fast Moving Consumers Goods (FMCGs), NASCO Cornflakes. The new plant for cornflakes becomes necessary considering the demand and expansion of the brand over the years culminating into increased production to meet customers demand, our correspondent reports. In an invite sent to our correspondent by the Group Corporate Communications Advisor for NASCO, Barr. Haroun Audu, the food company said it has invested massively to expand the Nigerian foremost, most dependable and leading cornflakes production facility. According to Audu: “The commissioning of the new plant is a factor for employment generation, helping people to reconnect with nature, and for natural nourishing goodness. “Through this historic undertaking, NASCO is poised to unlock and unleash massive growth opportunities across the value chain, with low environmental impact and promotion of sustainable farming. “We have confidence in the resilience of our Nigerian compatriots, in the inherent potential of our economy and of our present and future greatness”, he said. He continued: “The new Cornflakes line is not just a milestone event for the NASCO Group, it also represents an empowered movement that advances our efforts to improve the quality of life empowered movement that advances our efforts to improve the quality of life of Nigerians and Africans in particular and humanity at large”. By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The call by the Federal Government for Nigerians to patronize made in Nigeria goods and services was aimed at boosting local production and to enhance the growth of the nation's economy. The Federal Government had said it would focus on creating the enabling… In "Business" Jos - The Jos-based NASCO Group of Companies have secured an approval to export 19 products under the ECOWAS Trade Liberalisation Scheme (ETLS), its marketing consultant, Mr Haroun Audu, said in Jos on Thursday. ``We have ECOWAS' approval to export 19 products; it is a major breakthrough in Nigeria's search… In "Business" By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Management of NASCO Group Nigeria has said they will never and will never sponsor any act of terrorism in Nigeria or in any part of the world. NASCO said the Beverage Company is only committed to producing and feeding it's teaming customers… In "Top Stories"