OKIGWE – Members of the two major parties in Nigeria, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and All Progressives Congress (APC) in Imo North Senatorial District of Imo State on Sunday collapsed their structures into the Labour Party and pledged their loyalty and support to its presidential candidate, Peter Obi. No fewer than 2,000 people joined the LP at a ceremony at Umuaro community in the Isiala Mbano Local Government Area of the state. A former Deputy Chief of Staff to a former governor of the state, Chikwem Onuoha, said that the decision was reached after an investigation revealed that Obi was the best presidential material among other presidential candidates. Onuoha, said that APC and PDP had misruled Nigeria for the past 23 years, adding that it was time Nigerians voted Obi to rescue the country. The APC chieftain said, “Today, APC and PDP are dead in Okigwe zone. We have resolved to collapse our structures in the zone into the Labour Party and to work for the victory of Peter Obi. Peter Obi symbolises the hope of the ordinary people of Nigeria. “Peter Obi is tested and trusted and he has the support of the people who vote during the election. Apart from Obi, we will vote LP all through. The Labour Party is for a mass movement. We are wiser and we want to take back our country.” The President General of the Okigwe North Youth Progressives Forum, Chidinma Onyenagubo, said that his group was mobilising people to obtain their Permanent Voters Cards to vote for LP In 2023. (Punch) •Peter Obi In the last few days, the social media space has been abuzz with the name of former Governor of Anambra State, Peter Obi on the lips of many Nigerians, majority of whom are youths below 30 years. The trend became noticeable after most political parties picked their presidential… In "Opinion" Peter Obi ABUJA - The rising profile of Mr. Peter Obi, the presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP), is currently creating anxiety within the ranks of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) over his choice of a running mate. Also, it has deepened the… In "Top Stories" •Peter Obi (left) and Rabiu Kwankwaso ABUJA - The much-talked about mega party that will have the capacity to face the two behemoths – Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the All Progressives Congress (APC) – may be a reality in the 2023 elections going by the revelations of the former… In "Top Stories"