By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The African Women Network (TAWN), a non-profit organisation established to give African women a voice in the society and empower them to contribute to societal growth, has called for Women’s participation in nation-building, saying that it is an important ingredient in achieving an equitable, peaceful and more prosperous society. TAWN stated this Tuesday, in an announcement to mark its five years anniversary. According to Mrs Patoris Okeahialam, President of TAWN, said while many policymakers and development agencies fear that pursuing a stronger role for women in nation-building “too soon” will lead to instability, TAWN researchers say that available information suggest otherwise. A society that shows greater concern for the rights of the weaker strata of its society, including women will be less likely to initiate violence, while economic and social development are strongly elevated when women enter the marketplace, She said. “Gender equity and women’s inclusion play a central role both as a litmus test and as an active variable shaping a more democratic, stabilized and developed society”. Okeahialam noted that the call became necessary because societies all over the world, particularly in Africa, are going through a difficult phase in their development circles occasioned by the harsh realities of life. She added: “Rebuilding communities will be an arduous task that will require contributions from every citizen, especially the special skills and talents that women possess.” She decried the rising cases of violence against women and the girl child in society, including rape, physical and emotional abuse, sexual harassment, female genital mutilation (FGM), and cultural bias, among others, adding that TAWN will continue to advocate for a better deal for the African woman. Activities organised to mark her fifth anniversary included will be rolled out soon, according to Okeahialam. By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Nigerian Association of Women Entrepreneur (NAWE) and The African Women Network (TAWN), have advocated for more than 35 per cent of women to be involved in various political seats in the country come 2023. The National President of the Associations, Barr. Vera… In "News" By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - More and more, women are paving the way for young girls to become leaders in their own communities, President, African Women Network (TAWN), Mrs Patience Okeahialam has said. Okeahialam said everyday people hear the accomplishments of African women from the daily front-line work… In "Top Stories" First Lady Aisha Buhari has solicited renewed support of the Nigerian media in reporting humanitarian issues and plight of women and children affected by conflicts. Buhari made the call during the 32nd Anniversary of the Nigeria Association of Women Journalist (NAWOJ), on Thursday in Abuja.The theme of the anniversary is:… In "News"