By IKENNA OSUOHA MARARABA- The National Population Commission (NPC) on Thursday assured of the commission’s preparedness to conduct an all-inclusive census by counting and mapping special population and locations. Alhaji Nasir Kwarra, the Executive Chairman of the Commission, gave the assurance while declaring open the Training of Trainers for identification and mapping of special population groups across Nigeria in Mararaba, Nasarawa State. He said that experience had shown that the enumeration of special populations usually constituted a significant challenge in censuses. “This is due to the unique nature of their settlement, occupation or other characteristics that make them special compared to regular or institutional populations. “This is why it is critical that, as the Commission prepares for the 2023 Population and Housing Census, all members of these groups must be identified on time, wherever they are. “And their locations mapped and geo-referenced into the national frame, to ensure that adequate planning is made for their enumeration during the census,” he said. Kwarra, who explained that it was also crucial that the exercise provided important socio-cultural and qualitative information, said it would facilitate planning for publicity, logistics and for the enumeration of the groups. He said that the data expected from the project included the location of special populations within the localities in all local government areas. Mr Semiu Adeniran, Statistician-General, National Bureau of Statistics (NBS), described the identification and mapping of special population as very critical to national planning. Adeniran, who commended the National Population Commission for such assignment, said that mapping of special population was in accordance with the mandate of Household survey. According to him, it is the data provided by the National Population Commission that would be relied on for household survey. Adeniran advocated a stronger collaboration between National Population Commission and National Bureau of Statistics for a conduct of reliable and accurate census. Prof. Bashir Usman, Executive Secretary, National Commission for Nomadic Education, lauded the commission for recognising nomads in the census. Usman, represented by Dr Rose Nwaji, Director Planning, Research and Statistics said over time, the nomads had been carried along in census. He said nomads were categorised into pastoralists, fishermen and farmers and were driving the food security of the country. He said that their inclusion in the census was a roadmap to achieving a reliable and accurate Population and Housing Census. Ms Ulla Mueller, Country Representative, UN Population Fund (UNFPA) reassured of the UN’s support to enable Nigeria conduct a credible census. Mueller, represented by Dr Collins Opiyo, Census Technical Adviser and official of UN Population Fund (UNFPA), commended the leadership of the National Population Commission for efforts in ensuring that no one was left behind in the conduct of the census. She described the 2023 Population and Housing Census as a right of every Nigerian, irrespective of vulnerability or location. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that special populations include homeless households, homeless persons, nomadic households, transient persons and  migrant fishermen. Others includes, migrant farmers, mobile hunters, Refugees/Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs). (NAN) By SUNDAY JOHN Lafia- Ahead of the 2023 population and housing census, the National Population Commission (NPC) has called on Nigerians to remain at their places of residency and be counted.The Executive Chairman of NPC, Mr Nasir Isa-Kwarra, made the call at the opening ceremony of the North-Central Second-Level Management… In "News" Chairman of the National Population Commission (NPC), Hon. Nasir Isa Kwarra has said that the NPC would be ready in May 2022 to conduct the first digital population census is in Nigeria. He spoke after paying a courtesy visit to Kaduna State Governor, Mallam Nasir El -Rufai on Monday. The… In "News" By POLYCARP AUTA •Late Alhaji Zakari K JOS- The Eggon Youths Movement (EYM) has condemned the gruesome murder of Alhaji Zakari Kigbu, a one-time  National Commissioner of National Population Commission (NPC), by gunmen.National President of the group,  Mr Godwin Dugga, made the condemnation in a statement in Jos.The News Agency of… In "News"