By AKEEM ABAS IBADAN- Mr Akeem Agbaje, an All Progressives Congress(APC) chieftain in Oyo State has felicitated with Sen. Bola  Tinubu on his emergence as the party’spresidential candidate. This is contained in a statement he personally signed and made available to newsmen on Friday in Ibadan. The News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) reports that Tinubu, a former governor of Lagos State, had emerged the APC presidential candidate at the party’s presidential primary held in Abuja. NAN reports that Tinubu polled 1,271 votes to defeat all other presidential aspirants among whom were Vice- President Yemi Osinbanjo, Senate President,Ahmed Lawan and Mr Rotimi Amaechi,a former Minister of Transportation. Agbaje praised Tinubu for weathering the storm, beating all the odds and coming outvictorious at the keenly-contested presidential primary. He attributed the landslide victory recorded by the former governor as a reward for his contributions to building the party ,and making it formidable . “I congratulate our leader, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, on your victory at the presidential primary. It is indeed a victoryfor democracy and a further affirmation of democratic consolidation inNigeria. “I must say that I am  not surprised with your victory, as it is a reward for the  immeasurable role you played  in the formation of the party. “And outstanding contributions to nurturing it to the point of wresting power from Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), thus ending its 16-year hold on power in the country. “For the first time in the history of Nigeria, the progressives, through your tenacity of purpose and the can-do spirit, had an in-road into power control at the national level,” he said. Agbaje described the victory as a cleardemonstration of Tinubu’s  ability, competence and administrative acumen. “Your emergence as the APC presidential candidate is also a reward for building people across the country, many of whom are holding high political offices today across political divides,” he said. He said APC had not made a wrong choicein Tinubu, adding his enviable leadership style had over the years endeared him to the hearts of many. Agbaje said that Tinubu’s leadership style would bring peace, harmony, growth and development to the country if elected president in the 2023 general elections. He urged Nigerians to support candidate Tinubu by making him thepresident through their overwhelming votes in the 2023 presidential election, for Nigeria to attain greater heights. “It is my utmost belief that given your outstanding credentials as an administrator per excellence and your brilliant performance as governor of Lagos State. “These have remained good reference point even up till today, you will record an outstanding victory in the 2023 presidential election,” he said.(NAN) By AKEEM ABAS Alhaji Sharafadeen Alli IBADAN- Alhaji Sharafadeen Alli, the All Progressives Congress (APC) Senatorial Candidate for Oyo South, has congratulated Sen. Bola Tinubu on his emergence as the party’s presidential candidate. This is contained in a statement he personally signed and made available to newsmen in Ibadan, the Oyo… In "Politics" By OLUWATOPE LAWANSON Senator Tokunbo Abiru LAGOS- Sen. Tokunbo Abiru (APC – Lagos East )  says the All Progressives Congress (APC) made the best decision in choosing Sen. Bola Tinubu as its  2023 Presidential Candidate.Abiru  who congratulated Tinubu, a former Lagos State governor  on his emergence,  also said that APC… In "Politics" By ISMAILA CHAFEABUJA- President Muhammadu Buhari has presented the  All Progressives Congress (APC) Victory Flag  to  Asiwaju  Bola Tinubu, winner of the just concluded party’s presidential primary election.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that delegates of the APC at the convention elected the former Lagos State governor as APC … In "Politics"