By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Benue State Governor Samuel Ortom says the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP for next year’s Governorship election, Engineer Titus Uba has the capacity to effectively Govern the state. Governor Ortom who stated this Saturday, 18th June, 2022 at the IBB Square, Makurdi during a wedding reception in honour of Engineer Uba and his wife Pauline Uba, said the PDP candidate’s humility was a virtue that all great leaders possess. According to the statement signed by the Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur, the Governor explained that Engineer Uba has excelled in his professional career and as a politician, having presided over one of the most successful assembly across the states of the federation, would replicate his performance as Governor of Benue. He congratulated Engineer Uba and his wife, Pauline for consummating their union in the Lord and called on the people to pray for them as well as other marriages to succeed. The Governor who prayed God to bless the union also asked Him to grant their heart desires and ambitions, adding that as a humble couple, God will lift them to the exalted position of the number one family of the state. Chairman of the occasion, Senator Gabriel Suswam and the Head of Service, Mrs. Veronica Onyeke who served as the Chairlady, urged the couple to stick to the vows they made to each other and always look unto God for solutions to their challenges to have a successful union. In their goodwill messages, wife of the Governor, Dr. Eunice Ortom, represented by Mrs. Monica Ugela, wife of PDP National Chairman, Mrs. Iyorchia Ayu, Wife of the Tor Tiv, HRM, Felicia Ayatse and Tor Jechira, Chief Clement Uganden, advised the couple to imbibe the spirit of forgiveness to have a blissful marriage. The State Deputy Governor, Engineer Benson Abounu, other members of the state executive and security councils, leadership of the PDP at both the state, zonal and national levels as well as other dignitaries across the state witnessed the wedding ceremony.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Ahead of the PDP Governorship primary elections this week, Governor Samuel Ortom has said that the leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP in the state is committed to leading the party to victory at the general elections next year. The Governor gave… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has called on the people of the state to remain united in the task of moving the state forward. According to the statement signed by the Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur made available to Sundiata Post, the Governor… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Two children of the late AIG, Don Awunah have been offered automatic employment into the Benue State Civil Service with immediate effect.  Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom made the announcement Friday, June 10th, 2022 in his funeral oration at the burial ceremony of… In "Top Stories"