LAGOS – The Order of the Knights of Saint Mulumba Nigeria (KSM), a renowned group of Catholic Church faithful, founded in 1953, is poised to commence a one year bouquet of activities geared at celebrating her P platinum jubilee (70th) anniversary. The series of activities will hold consecutively in the nine Metropolitan Councils of the Order between June 2022 and June 2023. A statement by the Chairman of the Local Organising Committee, Sir Daniel Egwu, explained that the epochal nature of the platinum jubilee instructed the need for a year-long celebration. Notable high points of the planned events will include: Unveiling of Anniversary Logo and Mascot, Planting of Anniversary Tree at Illah Monastery, KSM Platinum Documentary, Special Press Conference, Thanksgiving Mass, Anniversary Lecture, Jubilee Luncheon, Raffle Draw and a host of others. According to Egwu, each of these activities promises to be spiritually uplifting and socially fulfilling for her members. He avowed that the curtain raiser for the activities will be the unveiling of the Anniversary Logo nay Mascot scheduled to hold on Saturday June 18, 2022 at St Leo Catholic Church, Toyin Street, Ikeja, Lagos. The unveiling, Egwu disclosed, will be preceded by the Holy Mass to be concelebrated by Most Rev. Dr. Alfred Adewale Martins, Archbishop of the Metropolitan See of Lagos and Most Rev. Dr. Mathew Hassan Kukah, Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, who will also deliver a lecture at the Unveiling session. He further disclosed that the Catholic Bishop of Abeokuta Diocese, Most Rev. Dr. Peter Olukayode Odetoyinbo and his Ijebu Ode counterpart, Most Rev. Francis Obafemi Adesina are also expected to be in attendance. Egwu, who is also the Supreme Secretary of KSM affirmed that the Supreme Knight of KSM, Sir Charles Mbelede and the Noble President of the Ladies of Saint Mulumba (LSM), Lady Meg Anozia will be the chief host and chief hostess respectively. By SEGUN FATUASE LAGOS - Nigeria’s oldest secondary school, CMS Grammar School, Bariga Lagos, established on June 6, 1859, on Tuesday began a weeklong anniversary celebration as the old boys under the platform of the Old Grammarians’ Society (OGS) reeled out the programme of events and numerous projects slated for… In "Education" By STANLEY NWANOSIKE Enugu- No fewer than 502 residents of Orba community in Udenu Local Government Area in Enugu State have benefited from a medical outreach by the Nigerian Air Force (NAF).The medical outreach, which covered free treatment for various ailments for both adults and children of the community, is… In "Metro" By Clara Egbogota Lagos - Sir Diamond Ovueraye, Supreme Knight of the Order of the Knights of St. Mulumba (KSM), Nigeria, has urged the Federal Government to curb the activities of herdsmen by establishing regional policing to combat the challenges facing the country. Ovueraye said this on Tuesday at the… In "News"