By ISHAQ ZAKI GUSAU- The Zamfara chapter of All Progressives Congress (APC) has expressed confidence that the party would win all elective positions in the 2023 general elections in the state.Chairman of APC in the state, Alhaji Tukur Danfulani, who expressed the confidence in Gusau on Thursday at a stakeholders’ meeting in Gusau, said that the APC remained the strongest political party in the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the meeting was organised by the state chapter of the party to revalidate and solidify the unity of all members and supporters. NAN also reports that the meeting was attended by a former APC Chairman, Alhaji Lawal Liman, and representatives of former Gov. Abdul’aziz Yari and Sen. Kabiru Marafa’s factions. Danfulani said that the meeting was also focused on strengthening the party’s achievements and strategising to ensure victory in the 2023 general elections.He said that his doors would continue to remain open for advice on ways of moving the party forward.The party chairman commended Gov. Matawalle, Yari and Marafa for the key roles they played in the reconciliation drive within the party in the state.He promised to uphold all the agreements reached while running the affairs of the party.In their separate remarks, Alhaji Lawal Liman and Alhaji Surajo Garba appreciated the party for organising the meeting and assured of their full support for the party to succeed in the 2023 general elections at all levels.Liman said that the meeting should be extended to local government areas so that APC members at the grassroots level would be fully involved in the running of the affairs of the party. (NAN) By ISHAQ ZAKIGUSAU- The All Progressives Congress (APC), Zamfara chapter has congratulated Bola Tinubu for emerging the party’s flag bearer for the presidential election at the party’s special convention.According to the party, delegates made the best choice for Nigeria.This is contained in a statement issued by the party’s Publicity secretary,… In "Politics" By SHUAIB SADIQ •Vice President Yemi Osinbajo Gusau- Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, a leading Presidential Aspirant of All Progressives Congress (APC) in the 2023 general elections, on Saturday in Gusau held a closed-door meeting with Zamfara delegates.The Vice President who fielded questions from newsmen shortly after the meeting, said he… In "Politics" By ISHAQ ZAKI Governor Bello Matawalle GUSAU- The Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Zamfara, Alhaji Tukur Danfulani, has lauded Gov. Bello Matawalle for promoting good governance and youth inclusion in governance and politics.Danfulani gave the commendation while speaking to newsmen in Gusau on Tuesday.The party chairman noted… In "Politics"