Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former Lagos state governor, Asiwaju Ahmed Tinubu risks disqualification from contesting the 2023 general election if he fails to wriggle out of the discrepancies noticed in the credentials he submitted while running as Lagos Governor and that submitted now for the presidential race. This is as some members of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) under the aegis of the Gaskiya Youth Movement (GYM) have dragged the presidential aspirant of the party, Bola Tinubu, to court, for allegedly supplying false academic qualifications to secure the nomination. The APC group alleged that the former Lagos State governor was not legally qualified to become the next President of Nigeria in 2023, on grounds that the fresh information he supplied to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) “is not consistent with the earlier forms C.F. 001” he filled in preparation for the governorship election of Lagos State in the year 1999. The ruling APC, Tinubu, and INEC are 1st to 3rd defendants respectively in the suit sighted by this newspaper. Meanwhile, the Director (Legal Directorate), Tinubu Campaign Organisation, Babatunde Ogala (SAN), has told the press that they were ready to defend against the threats and allegations. According to Ogala, Tinubu has complied fully with the provisions of the Electoral Act. While contesting as governor of Lagos state, Tinubu has submitted that he attended Government College Ibadan contrary to his position now in a paper submitted to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) that he never attended the said school. Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu By TAIYE AGBAJE ABUJA - The Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu Presidential Campaign Organisation on Saturday, decsribed the allegations by Centre for Reform and Public Advocacy against the Presidential Candidate,  All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu, as untrue, saying that the APC candidate is more than qualified to… In "Top Stories" By AKEEM ABAS Mr AKEEM Agbaje IBADAN- Mr Akeem Agbaje, an All Progressives Congress(APC) chieftain in Oyo State has felicitated with Sen. Bola  Tinubu on his emergence as the party’spresidential candidate. This is contained in a statement he personally signed and made available to newsmen on Friday in Ibadan. The… In "Politics" By OLUWATOPE LAWANSON Senator Tokunbo Abiru LAGOS- Sen. Tokunbo Abiru (APC – Lagos East )  says the All Progressives Congress (APC) made the best decision in choosing Sen. Bola Tinubu as its  2023 Presidential Candidate.Abiru  who congratulated Tinubu, a former Lagos State governor  on his emergence,  also said that APC… In "Politics"