By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate has confirmed the nomination of Dr. Hale Gabriel Longpet (Plateau) as Resident Electoral Commissioner for the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). Longpet’s confirmation followed the consideration of a report by the Committee on Electoral Matters. Chairman of the Committee, Senator Kabiru Gaya (Kano South), in his presentation, said Longpet’s nomination was made pursuant to the provision of Section 154(1) of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999 (as amended). He disclosed that the nominee, while appearing before the Committee for screening, gave explanations regarding his personal life, work experiences, suitability, competence and integrity for appointment as Commissioner for the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). He said members of the Committee commended the nominee’s impressive Curriculum Vitae and satisfactory answers to the questions posed. The nominee was, thereafter, confirmed by the upper chamber. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate, on Wednesday, passed the Witness Protection and Management Bill, 2022.  The passage of the bill was sequel to the consideration of a report by the Committee on Judiciary, Human Rights and Legal Matters.  Chairman of the Committee, Senator Opeyemi Bamidele, in… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Independent National Electoral Commission directors and Senior Advocates of Nigeria have warned that political parties may face crises over their nomination of placeholders as running mates to their respective candidates ahead of the 2023 presidential election. The ex-officials of the electoral umpire, who spoke to… In "Top Stories" Abuja -. Unless President Muhammadu Buhari signs the fresh amendment to the Electoral Act into law by Sunday, himself, Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo, National Assembly members, governors, their deputies and other statutory delegates in the ruling All Progressives Congress may not be able to vote in the forthcoming primaries. Others who… In "Top Stories"