ABUJA – The Director-General of the Osinbajo Campaign Organisarion, Senator Kabiru Gaya (Kano South) has said there were ongoing efforts to reduce the list of proposed presidential aspirants to two. He stated that as of Tuesday evening, the contest had narrowed down to between Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and Vice President Yemi Osinbajo. Gaya spoke in a live interview with Channels TV at the primary election ground in Abuja monitored by The Nation. Sundiata Post notes that those initially proposed were Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu; Vice-president Yemi Osinbajo; Rotimi Amaechi; Governor Kayode Fayemi and Governor Dave Umahi. Gaya said: “Well, we are still at the process. We know during conventions like this, decision are taken at the last minute and when done at the last minute, people accept that decision. “Yes, we are trying to trim down. All that we know is that the candidate at the presidency should go to the south. And as it is now, it is going to the south, so that we can have a northern vice president. “If we don’t agree on one person, at least two or three persons will go to poll. The party wants the aspirants contesting to be reduced to two or even one. “The two are Bola Ahmed Tinubu and Vice President Yemi Osinbajo; so it comes down to the South-West. The party would not simply say they’ve dropped a candidate. “When the process begins, the aspirants will mount the podium and tell us if they are stepping down, and who they are stepping down for.” (The Nation) •Asiwaju Bola Tinibu (left) and Vice President Yemi Osinbajo ABUJA - Ahead of the presidential primary of the All Progressives Congress, APC, governors elected on the platform of the party are divided over the aspirations of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and Vice President Yemi Osinbajo. Supporters of the duo were… In "Politics" •President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice President Yemi Osinbajo ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari’s body language as to his preferred candidate for the presidential ticket of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has unsettled aspirants including Vice President Yemi Osinbajo; national leader of the party, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu; Minister of Transportation, Rotimi… In "Politics" Some APC governors ABUJA - All Progressives Congress (APC) governors have submitted the names of five presidential aspirants to President Muhammadu Buhari to select a consensus candidate from, it was reliably gathered this morning, Daily Trust reports. A reliable source told this paper that the governors submitted the names in… In "Top Stories"