ABUJA – The leadership of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has described as unacceptable the outburst of national leader of the party, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, against President Muhammadu Buhari. APC National Chairman, Senator Abdullahi Adamu, disclosed this on Saturday afternoon. Tinubu was campaigning in Abeokuta on Thursday when he said he deserves to lead the nation after helping President Buhari win the 2015 election. Many viewed his speech as disrespectful to the President. But in a statement on Friday, Tinubu maintained that he holds President Buhari in high regard. He said his comments were not meant to disrespect the President and had been taken out of context. The former Lagos State Governor said reactions suggesting he had been disrespectful were sensational and incorrect. However, while speaking with reporters at the APC National Secretariat in Abuja on Saturday, Senator Adamu noted that the explanation later offered by Tinubu was not enough. He also said the party has appealed the judgment in favour of statutory delegates, meaning they will not participate in the upcoming presidential primary. The APC Chairman announced that all presidential aspirants are scheduled to meet with President Muhammadu Buhari tonight. (NewsExpress) •Asiwaju Bola Tinibu (left) and Vice President Yemi Osinbajo ABUJA - Ahead of the presidential primary of the All Progressives Congress, APC, governors elected on the platform of the party are divided over the aspirations of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and Vice President Yemi Osinbajo. Supporters of the duo were… In "Politics" •President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice President Yemi Osinbajo ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari’s body language as to his preferred candidate for the presidential ticket of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has unsettled aspirants including Vice President Yemi Osinbajo; national leader of the party, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu; Minister of Transportation, Rotimi… In "Politics" By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE Senator Bola Tinubu ABUJA- The Nigeria Diaspora for Asiwaju (NDA), says Sen. Bola Tinubu, presidential aspirant of the All Progressives Congress (APC), is the only one qualified to be President Muhammadu Buhari’s successor.Mr Ayobami Oyalowo, National Spokesperson of NDA, said this in an interview with the News… In "Politics"