Abuja (Sundiata Post) – As the Independent National Electoral Commission prepares to conduct the Governorship poll in Ekiti State today, it was observed that voters were resolute to cast their votes by trekking several kilometres to exercise their franchise. The candidates of the All Progressives Congress, Biodun Oyebanji, People’s Democratic Party, Bisi Kolawole and Social Democratic Party , Segun Oni, are the leading candidates in the impending  electoral battle. The election is billed to begin at 8am going by INEC time table. But as early as 6am, those living along Federal Polytechnic road and Afe Babalola University areas, with a distance of about  eight kilometres to the voting centres, were seen trooping out and trekking long distance to exercise their franchise in today’s election. Some of them were compelled to go on foot owing to the 18-hour restriction placed on the state by the Inspector General of Police, Mr Usman Alkali Baba. One of them, who identified himself as Ojo Adeniyi said he was trekking to his polling unit at Ori -Ekiti, which was about six kilometres to his residential area. When THISDAY visited  some polling units at Odo Ado, Oke- Ori Omi, Okeyinmi, Irona and Oke- Ila areas in Ado- Ekiti, voters trooped out in large numbers to the extent that the polling units were becoming overcrowded. Unarmed Policemen were also deployed in all the polling units as early as 6am, while armed policemen were also noticed in some strategic areas to prevent violence. .....Commission says new method’ll complement manual process Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The ruling All Progressives Congress, Peoples Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party and 13 other political parties are jostling to produce the next governor of Ekiti State in today’s election. The exercise is scheduled to hold across the 2,445 polling… In "Top Stories" ....Assures of transparency, security and peaceful conduct of polls By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Ahead of the governorship election scheduled to hold on Saturday in Ekiti State, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), said it has deployed four National Commissioners, eight Resident Electoral Commissioners and many senior officials… In "Top Stories" By ADEKUNLE WILLIAMS LAGOS- Mr Olasupo Olowe, former APC aspirant for Kosofe Constituency 02, Lagos State, has advised eligible Nigerians to collect their Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) to enable them exercise their franchise in the 2023 elections.Olowe gave the advice while briefing newsmen at the victory party and novelty match… In "Politics"