By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Catholic Diocese of Enugu has indefinitely suspended the operation of Adoration Ministry officiated by Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka in Emene, Enugu. The pastoral injunction was contained in a statemnt issued by the Bishop of the Diocese, Most Rev Dr. Callistus Onaga, on Friday, the Bishop said that Mbaka has continued to violet all laid down tenets of Catholicism even after several corrections. The Bishop therefore banned all the Catholic clergy, religious and lay faithful from attending all religious and liturgical activities of the Adoration Ministry until the due canonical process initiated by the Diocese are concluded. The Bishop’s letter reads: “In the light of the happenings in the Catholic Adoration Ministry Chaplaincy Enugu: capable of undermining the Catholic faith and teachings; and after several fraternal corrections and admonitions to Fr. Camillus Ejike Mbaka, the Chaplain of the Ministry. “And after having given him pastoral directives and guidelines for the Ministry Chaplaincy, which he persistently violated; and in fulfilment of my pastoral duties as the Chief Shepherd with the obligation to promote and safeguard the Catholic faith and morals in Enugu Diocese, I hereby prohibit all Catholics (clergy, religious and lay faithful) henceforth from attending all religious and liturgical activities of the Adoration Ministry until the due canonical process initiated by the Diocese is concluded. “My decision is based on the fact that some of the teachings and utterances of Fr Camillus Ejike Mbaka at the Catholic Adoration Ministry are not consistent with the teachings and faith of the Catholic Church. “I enjoin all the Christian Faithful to keep praying for Fr. Mbaka and the Catholic Diocese of Enugu as I entrust him and the Diocese to the maternal carç thee and protection of the Blessed Virgin Mary, Queen of the Apostles.” Fr Ejike Mbaka and Mr. Peter Obi ENUGU - The Catholic Diocese of Enugu has distanced itself from what they described as unbecoming and divisive utterances of the spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry Enugu Nigeria, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka. Mbaka had during his Wednesday message lampooned the presidential candidate of… In "Top Stories" Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka Nigerians have come hard on a Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry Enugu, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, for describing Labour Party presidential candidate, Peter Obi, as a “stingy man”. While condemning his statement, Nigerians on micro-blogging site, Twitter, claimed that the cleric tagged the… In "News" The Catholic Diocese of Enugu has finally broken its silence on the controversy surrounding the disappearance of Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka. According to the diocese, followers of Mbaka invaded the Bishop’s Court and the Holy Ghost Cathedral Church destroying valuable properties. The church therefore called for prayers and cleansing. Recall… In "Features"