By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Rt Hon Titus Uba, winner of the People’s Democratic Party governorship primary election in Benue State on Tuesday received the certificate of return from the National working committee of the party. According to the statement signed by the Online Media Aide UBA Campaign Team, Tersoo Agbatse, the Presentation was made by the PDP National Chairman, Dr Iyorchia Ayu at the PDP National Secretariat, Wadata Plaza, Abuja. In his address shortly before the presentation of certificates, Senator Ayu congratulated the governorship candidates of the party and charged them to embrace fellow aspirants as they campaign in their respective States. He expressed optimism over the victory of party in the forthcoming elections considering the credibility of candidates flying the party’s flags. In his goodwill message, the PDP presidential flag bearer and former vice president of Nigeria, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar thanked Nigerians for keeping faith with the PDP, saying the party is prepared and determined to rescue the country from the misrule of the APC led government. Addressing journalists after receiving his certificate of return, the Benue Guber candidate, Rt Hon Titus Uba dedicated his nomination to the party and promised to prioritize mechanized agriculture and security, if given the mandate to serve Benue people next year. On the prospects of the party winning the forthcoming elections, Engr. Uba said PDP is the only organized political party in the state with the manifesto to address the needs of the people. He once again appreciated the leadership and members of PDP in Benue State for trusting him with the party’s guber ticket and promised to carry everyone along.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja ) Sundiata Post) - Benue State Chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), has congratulated Rt. Hon. Titus Tyoapine Uba, over his emergence as Governorship Candidate of the party at its State Congress held in Makurdi. The Benue State House of Assembly Speaker won the majority… In "Top Stories" "If we (PDP) go in a hurry and nominate someone from Zone C (Benue South), and our opponent (APC) does not do same in Tiv land, it means that the PDP will lose the (governorship) election completely, even with the overwhelming support that we have today in PDP. That is… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has called on the people of the state to remain united in the task of moving the state forward. According to the statement signed by the Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur made available to Sundiata Post, the Governor… In "Top Stories"