By IFEOMA AKAENUGU- The Speaker of the Enugu State House of Assembly, Chief Edward Ubosi, has advised his colleagues that lost return tickets to accept the loss in good faith.Ubosi gave the advice at the plenary session on Thursday, while declaring open the fourth session of the seventh assembly.He urged concerned lawmakers not to see their inability to secure the ticket as the worst thing that happened to them.He said that they should rather see it as an opportunity to grow and better their lives.“I want to commend those of us who could not make it back.“Believe that if you don’t end any tenure, you cannot start another one.“If you don’t count one, you cannot count two.“So, the end of any journey is the beginning of another one. “Don’t see it as the end of life but God’s design. I want to thank you and wish you well.“I know it is not easy for somebody who has intention to move and is like the movement was cut short.“It is not an easy one but I believe with God, all things are possible,” the speaker said.He gave assurance that the assembly was starting the fourth session in earnest.According to him, this is to ensure that the remaining one year is channeled toward the service of our constituencies.He, therefore, appealed to the members to resume their activities in full, not minding the set back they might have suffered.He said that the current assembly could not afford not to end the legislative cycle on a resounding note.Ubosi expressed gratitude to the assembly workers for their dedication and commitment to duties.He acknowledged that their efforts assisted the lawmakers in the effective discharge of their legislative duties.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) ENUGU - The sixth Enugu State House of Assembly was inaugurated on Monday with Chief Edward Ubosi (PDP-Enugu East 1) elected as the Speaker. Chief Donatus Uzoagbado (PDP-Oji-River) emerged Deputy Speaker. Inaugurating the assembly, the Clerk, Mr Christopher Chukwurah, who read a message from Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi reminded the lawmakers… In "News" ENUGU - The Enugu State House of Assembly has suspended Mr Johnbull Nwagu, representing Udi North Constituency for two months for making an unguarded utterance against the assembly. The Speaker, Mr Eugene Odo, gave the ruling following an allegation that Nwagu had made an unguarded utterance against the assembly. Odo… In "News" Enugu -The Enugu State House of Assembly on Thursday received a bill for the establishment of the Enugu State Investment and Human Development Authority. The bill, sponsored Mr Ikechukwu Ezeugwu (PDP-Udenu) seeks to provide for improved opportunities for investors in the state as well as provide for well-defined training and… In "News"