By ISHAQ ZAKI GUSAU- The Commissioner of Police (CP), Zamfara Command, Mr Ayuba Elkanah, has called for calm over the video circulating in social media, that allegedly threatens to attack Churches in the state. Elkanah, gave the assurance in a statement issued by the Command’s Public Relations Officer (PPRO), SP Muhammad Shehu, on Wednesday in Gusau. The CP assured residents that there was no cause for panic, saying it was an old video used by the command for illustration during a news conference. He said the video was recorded on Nov. 8, 2021 during the illustration, and assured the public not to entertain any fears. “For the purpose of clarification, the command wishes to state that the referenced video was culled from a confidence building press briefing granted by the Zamfara Commissioner of Police for calm in November 2021.”According to Elkanah, the news conference was called to douse tension on the recovery of a letter of threat to attack Churches in the state. The Police described the circulation of the video as handiwork of mischief makers. “The command, while reassuring the public of its commitment to the protection of lives and property in the state, call on members of the public and the media to disregard that video,” it said. (NAN) By ISHAQ ZAKI GASAU- The Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mr Usman Alkali, has presented cheques worth over N30.2 million to families of eight deceased policemen who lost their lives in active service. Zamfara Commissioner of Police, Mr Ayuba Elkanah, presented the cheques on behalf of the IGP, in Gusau… In "Metro" The Zamfara Police command on Thursday decorated nine newly-promoted Superintendents of Police (SPs) and 76 Assistant Superintendents of Police (ASPs), according to a statement issued in Gusau by the Police Public Relations Officer in the State, SP Muhammad Shehu.“ Today, 20th January, 2022, the  Commissioner of Police, Zamfara Command, Mr… In "Security" amfara State Police Command says it has foiled a banditry attack on Gusau/Tsafe road in Tsafe local government area. This was disclosed by the command’s Public Relations Officer in the state, SP Shehu Mohammed, while briefing newsmen in Gusau on Saturday. According to him, the Police Tactical Operatives attached to… In "News"