OWO – Reverend Father Andrew Abayomi, one of the priests at St Francis Catholic Church, Owa-luwa Street, Owo, Ondo State, has narrated how the church was attacked. Many worshippers were killed when terrorists bombed the church on Sunday morning. In an interview with BBC Yoruba, the cleric said suspected terrorists struck as the day’s service was about to end. “We were about to round off service. I had even asked people to start leaving, that was how we started hearing gunshots from different angles. “We hid inside the church but some people had left when the attack happened. We locked ourselves in the church for 20 minutes. When we heard that they had left, we opened the church and rushed victims to the hospital.”Governor Rotimi Akeredolu has reacted to the incident, which happened in his hometown. He described the attack as “vile and satanic”, saying it was a calculated assault on the peace-loving people of Owo Kingdom who have enjoyed relative peace over the years. “It is a black Sunday in Owo. Our hearts are heavy. Our peace and tranquility have been attacked by the enemies of the people. This is a personal loss, an attack on our dear state. I have spoken to the Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Ondo, Most Reverend Jude Arogundade, who is presently on his way to Owo. Similarly, I have had to cut short my party’s national assignment in Abuja and visit Owo immediately.” “This is an unexpected development. I am shocked to say the least. Nevertheless, We shall commit every available resource to hunt down these assailants and make them pay. We shall never bow to the machinations of heartless elements in our resolves to rid our state of criminals. “I commiserate with my people in Owo, particularly families of the those who lost their lives to this ugly and unfortunate attack. I extend my condolences to Olowo of Owo, Oba Gbadegesin Ogunoye as well as the Catholic Church. “I urge our people to remain calm and vigilant. Do not take laws into your hands. I have spoken to the heads of the security agencies. I have equally been assured that security operatives would be deployed to monitor and restore normalcy to Owo kingdom,” Akeredolu said. (Daily Trust) OWO - Over 40 people have been reportedly killed in an attack on St Francis Catholic Church, Owa-luwa Street, in Owo town, Owo Local Government Area of Ondo State. It was learnt that the incident happened in the church, which is less than 200 meters away from the Palace of… In "Top Stories" By ALABA-OLUSOLA OKE Governor Rotimi Akeredolu AKURE- Gov. Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has assured residents of the state that the government would hunt down assailants that attacked and killed worshippers of St. Francis Catholic Church, Owo on Sunday.This is contained in a statement by Mr Richard Olatunde, the Chief… In "News" •Rev Fr. Leo Raphael Ozigi KADUNA - A Catholic priest, Reverend Leo Raphael Ozigi, who was kidnapped by terrorists three weeks ago, has been released. Ozigi was ferried to a forest in Kaduna State after his kidnap from where he was eventually released Friday night. N10m was, however, raised by… In "Top Stories"