Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Governor of Delta State and vice-presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, Ifeanyi Okowa, has said the All Progressives Congress and its presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, are not smart by picking a placeholder as running mate ahead of the deadline of the Independent National Electoral Commission. He spoke on Thursday while featuring on Politics Today, a current affairs programme on Channels Television. According to Okowa, Tinubu’s decision to pick a political associate from Katsina State, Kaburi Masari, as an interim running mate only showed that the APC is not organised as a party. Okowa also stated that though the South-East is making a legitimate demand for presidency, he is an Igbo man from the Delta in the South-South. He said the North-East equally had the right to agitate for the presidential seat as both zones had yet to produce a president of the country. He, however, noted that they have to gain power through a democratic process, urging them to keep pushing for it. “When we were talking about the issues of presidency, if the PANDEF – it is not just about PANDEF, or South-West’s Afenifere, or the Middle Belt or the Ohanaeze (in the South-East) alone; in their collective voice, if they had insisted that ‘the presidency, we want it this time and it must be from the South-East’…a good request. But the real truth is they were just asking for a southern presidency without trying to situate it where ordinarily it should be,” he stated. By ADEYEMI ADELEYE Gov..Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta (Left) and Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, PDP Presidential candidate (Right) LAGOS- Former Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Lagos State, Adedeji Doherty, has described Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta and running mate to the party’s Presidential Candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, as an… In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Eminent Igbo leaders under the auspices of Igbo Elders Consultative Forum (IECF) are to meet over the outcomes of the recently concluded presidential conventions of the various political parties, which clearly did not accommodate the interest of the South East. The two major political parties –… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Supporters of the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, and his appointees on Thursday expressed anger over the decision of the Peoples Democratic Party’s presidential candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, to pick the Delta State Governor, Dr Ifeanyi Okowa, as his running mate.Wike’s loyalists, who reacted shortly after… In "Top Stories"