By EMMANUEL OLONIRUHA and ANGELA ATABO ABUJA- The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Vice Presidential Candidate Screening Committee, says it found Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State fully qualified to be the running mate to the party’s 2023 Presidential Candidate, Atiku Abubakar.The Chairman of the Committee, Chief Tom Ikimi, said this while briefing newsmen on Thursday in Abuja after Okowa’s presentation by the party.Ikimi said that the job of the committee was to screen the nominees for running mate to ensure that the party did not run into any problem.“Okowa has served in many capacities in the public service of Delta State as well as local governments council of that state.“He also served as an honourable commissioner at one time in that state and in fact, he served as the senator representing one of the senatorial districts of the state.“The business of this committee was to ensure that he has the right qualifications because we are not interested in going to court after the election as people will be challenging those who are qualified or those not qualified.“The committee found out that he is fully qualified. He is healthy, cool headed and willing to embrace all others who got tested over this position with him so that we have peace and stability in the party,” Ikimi said.Members of the committee as constituted by the party included Akilu Indabawa, who served as Secretary, and Mr Sunday Omobo as Administrative Secretary.Other members of the committee were Capt. Idris Wada, Chief Osita Chidoka, Binta Bello, Chief Mutiat Adedoja, Austin Opara, Prof. Aisha Madawaki, Mrs Ayotunde George-Ologun, Chief Chidiebelu Mofus and Fidelis Tapgun. (NAN) By EMMANUEL OLONIRUHA Atiku Abubakar/Ifeanyi Okowa ABUJA- Former Vice-President Atiku Abubakar and Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) presidential candidate has chosen Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta as his running mate for the 2023 poll.Abubakar said this at an unveiling of his running mate at the PDP national secretariat in Abuja on… In "Politics" •Okowa (left) and Atiku ABUJA - The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, has said he chose Delta State Governor, Ifeanyi Okowa, as his running mate for the 2023 general election because the governor has the qualities to be the president of the country. Atiku,… In "Politics" •File photo of Governors Wike (L) and Okowa ABUJA - The Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, and his Delta State counterpart, Senator Ifeanyi Okowa, have arrived the national headquarters of the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Abuja. Their purpose is to attend the party’s vice presidential screening scheduled… In "Politics"