Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board is set to commence investigations into reported cases of extortions by some operators of Computer Based Test centres. The CBT centres were accused of overcharging candidates during registration for the 2022 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examinations and Direct Entry examinations. Our correspondent gathered that any CBT operator found guilty would be subjected to payment of N100,000 fine. The PUNCH reports that JAMB had announced a fixed rate for the 2022 UTME/DE registration and also provided relief for CBT operators due to the hike in diesel price. However, the examination body noted that some CBT operators still extorted candidates. The board, in its weekly bulletin made available to our correspondent in Abuja, said, “The attention of the board has been drawn to some reports about some unscrupulous CBT centre owners charging above the stipulated fee for services rendered to candidates. “In a statement made available to JAMBulletin, the board made it abundantly clear to all its service providers that it would not condone any exploitative tendency in any guise and vowed that it would investigate these reports; stating that any centre found culpable would not only be made to refund the extorted money, but would also pay a fine of N100,000.” Explaining further, the board stated that “centre owners, are by this announcement, warned that failure to desist from this nefarious act would attract a fine of N100,000 and/or would have their licences to perform the specialised services revoked. “Candidates are, therefore, advised to report any CBT centre charging above the board’s stipulated fee for any of its services to the board. “It is to be noted that that the board has recently given access to CBT centres to perform some specialised services hitherto rendered by only JAMB-owned centres with a proviso that they would not betray the confidence reposed in them.” Punch The PUNCH reports that the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board has decried the low turnout of candidates in the ongoing registration for the 2022 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination. JAMB registrar, Prof Is-haq Oloyede, while inspecting the conduct of the registration process on Saturday in Kano State, said several Computer-Based Testcentres… In "News" Registrar, Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), Professor Ishaq Oloyede has said 100 percent of problems encountered by candidates in the course of registration for the 2022 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) and Direct Entry (DE) are self-inflicted. Oloyede stated this in Ibadan, on Saturday at the conclusion of the… In "Education" The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), says it plans to introduce self-service registration outlets in Abuja and Lagos to leverage the digital competence of its computer-savvy candidates. JAMB disclosed this in its Weekly Bulletin from the Office of the Registrar, on Monday in Abuja. It said that the system… In "News"