By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has restated the commitment of his administration to prioritizing the welfare of traditional rulers in the State. Governor Ortom spoke on Thursday, June 30th, 2022 during the coronation and installation of the new Och’Idoma 5th, His Royal Majesty, John Elaigwu Odogbo held at Och’Idoma Square, Otukpo. The Chief Press Secretary to Benue state governor, Nathaniel Ikyur stated this in a statement made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja. According to the statement, the Governor acknowledged that the traditional institution has made tremendous progress in the State, noting that the welfare of traditional rulers has been given top priority since the inception of his administration and pledged to sustain the tempo. Governor Ortom expressed optimism that a befitting palace, which is at 90 percent completion, would soon be completed and commissioned for the comfort of the Idoma paramount ruler. While congratulating the new Och’Idoma, Governor Ortom described as divine the ascendancy of the King to the throne and prayed for his reign to be peaceful, urging the subjects to support the new king to succeed. Making a remark shortly after being presented with a staff of office and certificate of coronation, His Royal Majesty, John Elaigwu Odogbo accepted to serve the Idoma kingdom as its paramount ruler, pointing out that fairness, equity, justice will be his guiding principles in ruling his subjects. The new Och’Idoma declared that peace will return to Idomaland under his reign, adding that the Idoma kingdom has been handed over to God as a mark of a new dawn. Tor Tiv the 5th and Chairman, Benue State Traditional Council, His Royal Majesty, Professor James Iorzua Ayatse in a goodwill message, assured the new Och’Idoma of support and prayed to God to grant him good health to lead the Idoma nation to the promised land. Earlier, the Special Adviser to the Governor on Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Barrister Kenneth Achabo had presented the new paramount ruler for coronation and installation. The Attah Igala, Matthew Okpaluwa, Aku Uka of Wukari, Manu Ishaku, Gbom Gwom Jos, Da Jacob Buba Gyang, among other prominent traditional rulers also attended the occasion and paid homage to the new King. Former Senate President, Senator David Mark represented by Professor Innocent Ujah, former Bayelsa State Governor and Senator representing Bayelsa West, Senator Henry Seriake Dickson delivered goodwill messages. Others persons who gave goodwill messages at the ceremony were the representative of the Chairman, Federal Inland Revenue Service, FIRS, Maimako Lukman, Senator representing Benue South Senatorial district, Senator Abba Moro and the President Ominy’Igede, Dr Ben Okpa.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja -. Barring last-minute changes, the new Och'Idoma, Dr. John Eliagwu will be formally coronated end of June this year.  The Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom disclosed this Monday, May 9th, 2022 at the temporary Palace of the paramount ruler in Otukpo after inspecting the ongoing reconstruction… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has charged the 23 newly sworn-in Council Chairmen in the State to carry everyone along in running the administration of their respective local governments.  The Governor gave the charge on Wednesday, June 29th, 2022 while inaugurating the elected… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has reiterated his call for complete autonomy for the judiciary to enable the arm of government dispassionately uphold the rule of law. Governor Ortom bared his mind Thursday, June 2nd, 2022 at the Benue Peoples House, Makurdi during… In "Top Stories"