By BASHIR RABE MANI ABUJA- Mr Martins Babale, a former Adamawa deputy governor, has urged all the defeated aspirants in the APC presidential primary election to rally round Sen. Bola Tinubu to win the 2023 general elections. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the party conducted its primary from Monday to Wednesday. Tinubu, a former Lagos State governor, on Wednesday emerged as the APC presidential candidate. Reacting to Tinubu’s victory, Babale told NAN at the Eagle Square that ”all of them should rally round him, with a view to making sure that APC wins the 2023 general polls at all levels”. The former deputy governor, who is also the Coordinator of Tinubu Support Group, Adamawa Southern Senatorial District, said: “We must all work collectively to ensure the success of the party at the polls in 2023.” Meanwhile, a former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Mr Babachir Lawal, said the next line of action was to effectively strategise for the success of APC during the 2023 general elections. ”Tomorrow, we will go into caucuses and begin work to put strategies in place to win the 2023 general polls. ”We are happy. We are grateful that our expectations have been met. ”We thank God as it is by His will that Tinubu emerged victorious at the presidential primary election,” the ex-SGF told NAN at Eagle Square. (NAN) ABUJA (SundiataPost) - Presidential aspirant of All Progressives Congress (APC), Alhaji Atiku Abubakar has congratulated all aspirants who took part in the party's governorship primaries nationwide and in particular Adamawa State. In a statement released by his media office in Abuja, the former Vice President felicitates with the winner of… In "News" LAGOS - The All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship candidate for Lagos State , Mr Akinwunmi Ambode, on Saturday said the party would use the remaining days before elections to fast and pray for victory. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] Ambode made this known while addressing APC members and supporters in Lagos, who engaged… In "News" The All Progressives Congress (APC) has appointed former Head of State, General Muhammadu Buhari, ex-Vice President, Atiku Abubakar and former Lagos State Governor, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu into its Board of Trustees (BoT). Other top party leaders who made the over 74 membership of the BoTare, former Abia state Governor, Dr.… In "News"