ABUJA – Following tradition of seniority in the Supreme Court of Nigeria, Justice Olukayode Ariwoola will later today (Monday) be sworn in as the next Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN) after the sudden resignation of Justice Tanko Muhammad. LEADERSHIP reports that Tanko’s resignation has been confirmed by the CJN’s spokesperson, Ahuraka Isah on Monday morning. Sundiata Post had earlier reported that Tanko reported on health grounds. If he eventually takes over, Ariwoola is billed to leave the judicial service in 2028. Born 22 August 1958, Justice Ariwoola was a Justice of the Court of Appeal before his appointment on 11 November 2011 as Justice of the Supreme Court of Nigeria. He is also a member of the Nigerian Bar Association, the International Bar Association, and the Nigerian Body of Benchers. Ariwoola was among the Supreme Court justices that heard appeal of Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) against the declaration of incumbent President Muhammadu Buhari as winner of the 2019 election. Justice Tanko Muhammad ABUJA - Justice Ibrahim Tanko Muhammad has resigned as the Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN). He reportedly tendered his resignation in a letter to President Muhammadu... Justice Ibrahim Tanko Muhammad has resigned as the Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN). He reportedly tendered his resignation in a letter… In "Top Stories" Justice Tanko Muhammad, Chief Justice of Nigeria Recently, in an unprecedented manner in the 58-year history of the Supreme Court of Nigeria, all the 14 serving Justices of the Supreme Court protested their horrific welfare and deplorable conditions of service to the Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN). In a world… In "Opinion" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi has reacted to the Friday's verdict by the Supreme Court over the commission of inquiry that probed alleged N96billion fraud affecting some transactions during his tenure as the Rivers state governor.Recall that the Supreme Court on Friday… In "Top Stories"