By BASHIR RABE MANI ABUJA- Delegates to the ongoing All Progressives Congress (APC) in Abuja have expressed optimism that the party will come out stronger and more united after Tuesday’s Special National Convention. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the party has scheduled its special national convention to elect a presidential flag bearer from June 6 to June 8. A cross section of the delegates told NAN on Tuesday at Eagle Square, venue of the historic event that they were hopeful that the party would also win the 2023 general elections. Alhaji Sama’ila Ibrahim, from Kano State said, “APC will be more united after the primary election. “This is because, the leaders and members of the party are real patriots, committed to the growth and development of democracy.” Mr John Also, a delegate from Oyo State also told NAN that, “I am not in anyway apprehensive as the exercise will be successfully conducted. “At the end, we will have a credible torch bearer who will by the special grace of God succeed President Muhammadu Buhari. “We are here to elect a flag bearer and we promise to do it peacefully and successfully, putting Nigeria ahead of all personal interests.” (NAN) By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE Delegates already seated at the venue ABUJA- Delegates for the All Progressives Congress (APC) Special Convention for its presidential primary election have expressed optimism that the exercise will produce the most popular and acceptable aspirant as the party’s 2023 presidential candidate.This is as most of the delegates… In "Politics" By Adeyemi Adeleye Lagos- The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Lagos State has described Wednesday’s night delegates election in the state as successful. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the ruling party conducted the special congresses to choose party officers, who would vote at the forthcoming primaries ahead of… In "Politics" President Muhammadu Buhari The All Progressive Congress, APC, will, today, begin the process of picking its Presidential flag bearer in Abuja, at its two-day national convention. Already, a screening committee, headed by former National Chairman, Chief John Oyegun, has screened 23 presidential aspirants eying the number one office in the… In "Opinion"