By CHUKWUEMEKA OPARA ABAKALIKE- The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ebonyi has described Gov. David Umahi’s performance at the party’s recent presidential primary in Abuja as “gallantry”. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that Umahi placed sixth with 38 votes at the pimary which was won by former Lagos Governor, Bola Tinubu. The state chairman of the party, Chief Stanley Okoro-Emegha, in a statement made available to newsmen on Friday,  congratulated the governor on his “courageous and resilient disposition” during the primary. He said the governor made the state and entire Igbo race proud, having garnered the highest votes among the Igbo contestants at the primary. “You can never know the quantum of joy and prestige you gave not only to Ebonyi but the entire Igbo nation by your firm disposition during the primary.” You won the hearts and admirations of many as multitudes across the country have commended and eulogised you,” the statement said. The chairman said that Umahi’s performance took Ebonyi out of relegation corridors as his first shot at the presidential seat had a  heavy impact. “We appreciate the delegates and other party faithful for their unprecedented support to the governor. “Ebonyi people are trustworthy and cannot be influenced by materialistic tendencies. “The 39 votes from the state were judiciously utilised towards the two presidential aspirants from the state. “Our hearts, however, bleed by the betrayal from our sister states. “We consulted vigorously among them but their delegates could not even offer a vote in our favour.“We are however encouraged because the governor’s calling is divine and will soon be accomplished,” the statement said. Okoro-Emegha pledged the “unalloyed support to the governor as it was clear that he is eminently qualified to rule the country”. (NAN) Governor Dave Umahi ABUJA - Ebonyi State Governor Dr. David Umahi has denied media reports that he has stepped down for the Senate President, Senator Ahmed Lawan ahead of the Presidential Primary.A statement by Francis Nwaze, Special Assistant to the Governor (Media and Publicity), late Saturday said the news is… In "Politics" Some APC governors ABUJA - All Progressives Congress (APC) governors have submitted the names of five presidential aspirants to President Muhammadu Buhari to select a consensus candidate from, it was reliably gathered this morning, Daily Trust reports. A reliable source told this paper that the governors submitted the names in… In "Top Stories" By PETER OKOLIE Governor Dave Umahi OWERRI- Gov. Dave Umahi of Ebonyi says Nigeria needs a president from the South-East geo-political zone to create wealth and correct the injustices meted to the people. Umahi, a Presidential aspirant on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC) stated this when he… In "Politics"