By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – President Muhammadu Buhari has sent seven ministerial nominees to the senate for confirmation. The president of the Senate, Ahmed Lawan who read the letter on the floor of the Senate during plenary, said: “On Tuesday, the Senate received executive communication from President Buhari asking for the confirmation of nominees. Lawan said the nominees would replace those that resigned from his cabinet, if they were confirmed by the upper legislative Chamber in accordance with the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria as amended. The letter read: “In accordance with Section 8 Subsection 2 of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria as amended, I hereby forward the underlisted ministerial nominees for your confirmation. The nominees are: Henry Ikechukwu Ikoh – Abia StateUmana Okon Umana – Akwa Ibom StateEgwumakama Joseph Nkama – Ebonyi StateGoodluck Nnana Opiah – Imo StateUmar Ibrahim El-Yakub – Kano StateAdemola Adewole Adegoroye – Ondo StateOdum Odih – Rivers StateTheir curriculum vitae are hereby attached herewith, he said. Sundiata Post recalls that those to be replaced are those ministers who resigned their appointment and contested the presidential primary of the ruling All Progressives Congress.   By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Tuesday received a request from President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm the nomination of Mu’azu Jaji Sambo from Taraba State as Minister of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. The confirmation request was contained in a letter dated December 8, 2021, and read… In "Top Stories" By Naomi Sharang Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has requested Senate’s confirmation of nominees into the Board of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). The request was contained in a letter by President Buhari, dated Oct. 18 and read by the President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan during Tuesday’s plenary.… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Tuesday received a request from President Muhammadu Buhari for the confirmation of eight Justices of the Court of Appeal as Justices of the Supreme Court of Nigeria. The request which was contained in a letter dated 31st August, 2020, was read… In "Top Stories"