By CHIJIOKE OKORONKWO ABUJA- Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has congratulated  Sen. Bola  Tinubu on his victory at the ruling All Progressives Congress(APC) Presidential Primaries held on Wednesday at the Eagle Square, Abuja. Osinbajo, in a congratulatory message he personally authored on Thursday,  said that Tinubu’s sterling contributions to Nigeria’s democracy and its progress stood him out. The vice president urged members of the party to rally round Tinubu with a view to achieving victory for the party in the  2023 presidential election. “I congratulate Asiwaju Tinubu on his victory at our party primaries and his emergence as the presidential candidate and flagbearer of our great party, the APC for the forthcoming 2023 presidential elections. “I also congratulate President Muhammadu Buhari and all leaders of the APC for a successful Special Convention and Presidential Primary. “For many decades, our flagbearer has shown passion, patriotism, courage and determination in the cause of nation-building. “His sterling contributions to our democracy and its progress stand him out; his wealth of experience will certainly be critical in our party’s continued efforts to attain a more secure and prosperous Nigeria. “To all members of our great party, regardless of who you voted for at the primaries, we must now unite behind our presidential candidate and flagbearer to ensure victory for our party in the 2023 elections. “As true progressives, we must remain strong and united in pursuing our collective vision as a party toward building a country that can provide a decent life and livelihoods for all our people,” he said.(NAN) Senator Bukola Saraki has congratulated Prof. Yemi Osinbajo on his emergence as the Vice Presidential candidate/running mate of General Muhammad Buhari under the All Progressive Congress (APC). In a statement made available to SundiataPost, Saraki said "The emergence of Professor Yemi Osinbajo - a Professor of Law; a well-ranked academician;… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The All Progressive Congress (APC) has asked the Peoples Democratic Party and its Presidential Campaign’s Director of Media and Publicity Femi Fani-Kayode to produce evidence on their purported claims of oath-taking and resignation of Prof Yemi Osinbajo for national leader of APC, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu in the… In "News" LAGOS - The All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship candidate for Lagos State , Mr Akinwunmi Ambode, on Saturday said the party would use the remaining days before elections to fast and pray for victory. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] Ambode made this known while addressing APC members and supporters in Lagos, who engaged… In "News"