By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has said that the prospect of an Idoma person emerging as governor of the state in the future is achievable. Governor Ortom spoke on Tuesday, June 7th, 2022 when he received a delegation of the Benue Rebirth Movement, BRM led by  AVM Monday Morgan rtd, who paid him a solidarity visit at the Benue Peoples House, Makurdi. This was contained in a statement signed by the Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur, made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja. According to the statement, Governor Ortom stated that he remained committed to the unity of Benue towards upholding justice, equity and fairness for all people of the state irrespective of their ethnic backgrounds. He acknowledged that so far, BRM has achieved enlightenment in the quest for an Idoma governor but enjoined the group to employ persuasion, dialogue, negotiation and eschew militancy, intimidation, victimization or blackmail, which he noted will not build confidence. On the appeal that governorship seat be rotated among the various groups in the state, the Governor advised the group to engage members of the legislature from their zone to push for a constitutional amendment at the National Assembly, pointing out that it was not just peculiar to only Benue State. Governor Ortom promised that his administration would look into the request by BRM for an amendment to the Benue Chieftaincy Laws to suit the peculiarities of the Idoma culture before the end of his tenure next year. Earlier, the Leader of the Benue Rebirth Movement, AVM Morgan stated that although the organisation had put so much pressure on the Government before the primary elections, its main desire was to ensure that someone from Benue South becomes the Governor in the interest of fairness and justice and not antagonistic against the person or office of the Governor.  ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The election of Representative Yakubu Dogara as Speaker of the House of Representatives on June 9 was a manifestation of that fact that Nigeria`s democracy is fast maturing, Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has said. Speaking when he hosted Dogara at the Benue State Governor's… In "News" Makurdi -  The Benue governor-elect, Dr Samuel Ortom, has expressed appreciation to the people of the state for giving him the mandate to govern them. This is contained in a statement signed by Mr Tahav Agerzua, his Media Director, in Makurdi on Friday. It stated that the governor-elect attributed his… In "News" Abuja- Gov. Samuel Ortom of Benue has pledged that his administration will henceforth ensure that no state government official diverts money meant for the payment of teachers’ salaries. Ortom made the promise while answering questions from State House correspondents after his meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari in Abuja on Tuesday.… In "News"