By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has described as barbaric, the gruesome killings of farmers in Edumoga, Okpokwu local government area of the state by gun men believed to be Fulani terrorists. An angry Ortom condemned the dastardly act and described the murderers as cowards and criminals who must be fished out and prosecuted forthwith, the statement from the Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur said. He said: “When i started shouting about the menace of killer herdsmen in my state, many people thought i was playing to the gallery. Gradually, this has spread to all other parts of the country because the federal government has refused to act appropriately and decisively against them. “This is the reason why they have continued with impunity. It has clearly shown that the killing of these innocent farmers in Edumoga, Okpokwu local government is yet another barbaric act by Fulani herdsmen. They must not go unpunished “. Ortom therefore reiterated his earlier call on his people to stand up to defend themselves against the invaders because even the laws of the land allows for self Defence. “We are capable of defending ourselves if authorities concerned refused to do so. We are not cowards. We are just law abiding“, Ortom stated. The Governor said the peaceful attitude of Benue people who accommodates others should not be taken for granted. He stressed that the law must take its course to apprehend the criminal elements no matter how long it takes just he told his people to remain law abiding. Suspected herdsmen yesterday killed  six people  and  displaced many  residents in what appeared to be a coordinated attacks on Guma, Kwande and Gwer West Local Government Areas of the state. The herdsmen,  according to eyewitnesses attacked and shot sporadically at their victims. According to a source, must of those killed… In "Security" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue state has identified with his Ondo state counterpart, Rotimi Akeredolu, SAN over the gruesome killing of his kinsmen at St. Francis Catholic Church, Owo, Ondo state on Sunday.  The Governor said Owo, the hometown of Governor Akeredolu has… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom says the APC-led Federal Government is paying deaf ears to the incessant killings of innocent Nigerians. He stated this on Wednesday in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur made available to Sundiata Post. The… In "Top Stories"