Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Spiritual Director, Adoration Ministry Enugu, Nigeria, Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, on Friday, tendered a public apology to the presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Mr Peter Obi and his supporters over his utterances against his person. The Catholic Diocese of Enugu State had, shortly after his comment on Wednesday during his midweek activities declared that Obi will not become Nigeria’s President, for the reason that he is ‘stingy’, disowned him. The church while describing his political utterances as divisive and unbecoming of a priest, said that attack breached canon 220 of the 1983 Code of Canon Law which prohibits anyone from illegitimately harming the good name of a person. However, Mbaka on Friday tendered an unreserved public apology to Obi and his supporters in a letter he personally signed. In the apology letter titled, ‘Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka Blesses His Excellency Peter Obi and His Supporters’, the controversial Catholic priest asked for understanding and forgiveness. Mbaka in the letter prayed for the former governor of Anambra State, that God will grant him his heart desires and other presidential candidates. He decried the increasing insecurity in Nigeria which he attributed to bad leadership and appealed to Nigerian youths to also pray that God in his mercy will give Nigeria man after his heart as the next president. The apology letter read in part, “I am a servant of God and my intention is not to malign His Excellency, Peter Obi’s image, but to pray for him. May God’s will be done in his life. I pray to God whom I serve to give our beloved people good and excellent leaders who will take care of them and lead them to the promised land. Anyone who God wishes to make our leader is my choice. “In this vein, I give my blessings to His Excellency Peter Obi and his supporters, I also give my blessings to the other candidates and their supporters whose intention is also to give Nigeria good leaders. In any way, the supporters of Mr Peter Obi feel offended by my utterances or however I was misunderstood by them, I ask for their understanding and forgiveness. As a servant of the Most High God, I pray that it shall be well with my people. I am an ardent supporter of Good Governance, Justice, Equity, Love, and Godliness. It added, “My intention is not to fight or malign Mr Peter Obi. He is my friend and remained my friend and brother I love him and I wish him success. May God bless him and his good supporters. God’s will be done in his political endeavours (Mk.14:36). “The followers of Peter Obi are the same youths I am praying for, sacrificing for, fighting for, speaking for, and working for their integral well-being. What the youths are passing through and their conditions give me sleepless nights. It is for this reason that I yearn for good governance and worthy leaders that will take care of them. We are passing through indescribable, unbearable, and undeserved hardship in this country. I pray for Divine intervention. “I am not in any political party but I support good people and good governance. Any good person that God can give us is my choice of candidate. I am a servant of God; For the sake of peace, I ask for forgiveness in any way I am misunderstood. “And to Peter Obi himself, I ask God to bless him and manifest his will in his life. When God says Yes, who can say No? And when God says No, who can say Yes? I bless Peter Obi and pray for him. I bless my dear fellow Adorers and pray for them. I bless the people of God everywhere and I pray that it shall be well with you all.” See full letter below: Fr Ejike Mbaka and Mr. Peter Obi ENUGU - The Catholic Diocese of Enugu has distanced itself from what they described as unbecoming and divisive utterances of the spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry Enugu Nigeria, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka. Mbaka had during his Wednesday message lampooned the presidential candidate of… In "Top Stories" Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka Nigerians have come hard on a Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry Enugu, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, for describing Labour Party presidential candidate, Peter Obi, as a “stingy man”. While condemning his statement, Nigerians on micro-blogging site, Twitter, claimed that the cleric tagged the… In "News" •Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka ENUGU - Reverend Father Ejike Mbaka, Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry, Enugu, has apologised to Peter Obi, presidential candidate of Labour Party and supporters of the Labour Party candidate over the comment he made on Thursday saying that Peter Obi was a stingy person and would… In "News"