By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has congratulated the candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Biodun Oyebanji, on his resounding victory in the Ekiti State governorship election, which was held on Saturday. According to the statement signed by the Special Adviser (Media) to President of the Senate, Ola Awoniyi, the Senate President congratulated the APC, both at the state and national levels and the people of Ekiti on the peaceful and successful conduct of the poll, and also for making the right choice. The Senate President said the outcome of the election further demonstrates the trust and confidence of Nigerians across the country in the APC. He said the smooth conduct of the election is an indication of what to expect in next year’s general elections as democracy continues to grow firm roots in Nigeria under the APC Federal Government led by President Muhammadu Buhari. The Senate President commended the Independent Electoral Commission (INEC) for delivering a poll that has been widely adjudged as free, fair, transparent and hitch-free. Lawan wishes the Governor-elect, Mr Oyebanji, God’s guidance as he prepares for his onerous task ahead. By VICTOR ADEOTI Governor Adegboyega Oyetola OSOGBO- Gov. Adegboyega Oyetola of Osun  has congratulated Mr Biodun Oyebanji, the gubernatorial candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti, on his victory at Saturday’s governorship election in the state.This is contained in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Ismail… In "Politics" By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE Governor Kayode Fayemi ABUJA- Gov. Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti, one of the presidential aspirants on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC), says he is not stepping down from the race.In a statement issued in Abuja on Friday, Director-General, Fayemi Presidential Campaign Organisation, Mr Femi Ige,… In "Politics" By IDOWU GABRIEL Ado-Ekiti- Aggrieved members of the  APC in Ekiti State on Saturday protested at the party’s Secretariat in Ado-Ekiti, over alleged plot to impose the Deputy Speaker of the  House of Assembly, Mr Hakeem Jamiu, for a second term.The APC members, who were from Irepodun/Ifelodun State Constituency II,… In "Politics"