….. Visits to include MDAs, NGOs, other corporate bodies By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) has stated that it would embark on a nationwide Value Added Tax (VAT) and Withholding Tax (WHT) compliance exercise from July, 2022. According to the Special Assistant to the Executive Chairman, FIRS (Media & Communication), Johannes Oluwatobi Wojuola, the information is contained in a public notice announcing the compliance monitoring exercise, and signed by the FIRS Executive Chairman, Muhammad Nami. The exercise is coming on the heels of an earlier notice by the Service to commence the enforcement and recovery of unremitted tax deductions owed the Federation by some States and Local Governments. The VAT and Withholding Tax Compliance Monitoring exercise will involve teams of FIRS officers visiting selected taxpayers and taxable persons to review their VAT and Withholding Tax records. “The Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) shall embark on a nationwide VAT and WHT compliance monitoring exercise with effect from July 1, 2022,” the notice reads. “As a result, teams of officers from the Service shall visit selected taxpayers, taxable persons (including companies, NGOs or MDAs) to review their VAT and WHT records.” In the notice, Mr. Muhammad Nami also highlighted that the exercise will cover 2016 to 2020 accounting years for taxable persons whose records have been audited by the Service up to 2015 accounting year. He however noted that for taxpayers whose records have not been audited by the Service up to 2015, the exercise will be extended to include the prior years that have not been tax audited. The Service also called on all taxable persons and tax agents to immediately remit deductions of VAT and Withholding Tax they have made on its behalf. “All taxable persons or tax agents who have made deductions of VAT or WHT on behalf of the Service are required to immediately remit all such deductions to the FIRS within two weeks of this publication.” The notice also stated that those who would be visited during the monitoring exercise will be notified and informed of the required documents for review beforehand.   ABUJA - The Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) has stated that it will commence the process of enforcement and recovery of unremitted tax deductions owed by some states and local governments in Nigeria. This decision is contained in a Public Notice signed by its executive chairman, Muhammad Nami, where the… In "Business" ABUJA - The Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) has listed Nigeria’s top-performing taxpayers in 2021 and commended them for their exceptional efforts in contributing towards providing the necessary funds for the government to meet its social contract with the Nigerian citizens, despite the harsh economic conditions imposed by the COVID-19… In "Business" According to SaharaReporters, the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) has stated that it will begin to tax certain goods or services brought into Nigeria by non-resident companies. The agency, in a statement on Friday, signed by Johannes Oluwatobi Wojuola, its Special Assistant to the Executive Chairman (Media & Communication), said… In "News"