By SULEIMAN SHEHU IBADAN- The Police Command in Oyo State, says the command had begun a manhunt on the abductors of Bishop Oluwaseun Aderogba of Jebba Diocese, Kwara State, his wife and driver.The Police Public Relations Officer in the state, DSP Adewale Osifeso, stated this while confirming the incident in a statement on Monday.The News Agency of Nigeria Nigeria (NAN) reports that Aderogba, his wife and driver were kidnapped on Sunday, at about 9.00 p.m. on New Oyo/Ogbomoso Expressway.The Bishop’s chaplain, who was with the victims when the incident happened, said their vehicle developed a fault some few kilometers to Oyo, when they were traveling from Ogun State to Jebba, and before help could come some armed men came from the bush and surrounded them.He said that he was lucky because he was not visible because of his black cassock and fell flat on the ground to hide while the abductors matched the Bishop, wife and driver to the bush.The PPRO said that preliminary investigations revealed that the victim’s vehicle allegedly developed a mechanical fault, while traveling from Yewa, Ogun State to Jebba, Kwara State, enroute an isolated area on New Oyo/Ogbomoso Expressway.He said that the Deputy Commissioner of Police in charge of Operations of the Command, was in charge of the rescue operation that began since 9 a.m. of Sunday.Osifeso said that all the tactical teams of the Command’s Anti-Kidnapping Squad, Ambush Squad, Puff Adder, Police Mobile Force (PMF), Counter Terrorism Unit (CTU) and Conventional Police personnel, along with local hunters and vigilantes, were all involved in the rescue operations.He further said that discreet investigation led by the State Criminal Investigation Department (SCID) was simultaneously being vigorously embarked upon, to ensure that the victims were rescued unhurt.He enjoined members of the public to report any suspicious movement to the nearest Police Division or formation, credible and timely information and assured the general public of their safety, as they went about their lawful activities. (NAN) By LEONARD OKACHIEUMUAHIA- The abductors of His Eminence, Samuel Kanu-Uche, the Prelate of the Methodist Church, Nigeria and two other priests from the church have demanded a sum N100 million as ransom.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Prelate, the Bishop of Owerri, Rt. Rev. Dennis Mark and… In "News" IBADAN - A pregnant woman, Omowunmi Joseph (43), of Odoye area, Alaadorin, Ibadan North Local Government Area of Oyo State, on Monday morning, stabbed her husband, Joseph Nwankwo, to death around 2am while he was asleep. Our correspondent learnt that earlier a crisis started between the two about two weeks ago… In "Metro" The Police Command in Oyo State, has confirmed the killing of Mrs Olayemi Odetomi, wife of a former Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftancy Matters, in the state by unknown gunmen. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) gathered that Mrs Odetomi was shot dead on Friday in her residence at… In "News"