ABUJA – Rave of the moment, Labour Party of Nigeria has recorded a breakthrough ahead of the 2023 general elections. The party, which suddenly burst into life with the recent membership of its presidential candidate, Mr. Peter Obi, now has a Senator following the defection to the party by Senator Francis Ezenwa Onyewuchi, hitherto the only Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) senator from Imo State. Onyewuchi, Senator for Imo East (Owerri Senatorial District) at the National Assembly, quietly defected to Labour Party on Friday, June 17, 2022 and has emerged as the party’s candidate for the 2023 Senatorial contest. One of his aides confirmed the development to News Express this Tuesday morning. “They are done with the defection and are presently on their way back to Abuja from Owerri,” the aide disclosed.Labur Party has announced that more political heavyweights are on their way to the party. A tweet on Saturday from its official handle @Official_LPN said: “You’ve got no idea what’s coming! “Top big wigs including HOR and Senators have all quietly joined the Labour Party, awaiting the big reveal.” Political analysts see Senator Onyewuchi’s defection as a big blow, not only to PDP but also to the party’s leaders in Imo, particularly, former Imo State Governor, Rt Hon. Emeka Ihedioha, and incumbent PDP National Secretary, Senator Samuel Anyanwu (Sam Daddy), both of whom hail from Imo East. Peter Obi OKIGWE - Members of the two major parties in Nigeria, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and All Progressives Congress (APC) in Imo North Senatorial District of Imo State on Sunday collapsed their structures into the Labour Party and pledged their loyalty and support to its presidential candidate, Peter… In "Politics" Peter Obi and Rabiu Kwankwaso ABUJA - Dr Agbo Major, National Publicity Secretary of the New Nigerian Peoples Party (NNPP), has given an update on the alliance talks between their party and the Labour Party (LP). In an interview with Daily Trust, Agbo said discussions are progressing smoothly and he… In "Top Stories" •Peter Obi (left) and Rabiu Kwankwaso ABUJA - The much-talked about mega party that will have the capacity to face the two behemoths – Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the All Progressives Congress (APC) – may be a reality in the 2023 elections going by the revelations of the former… In "Top Stories"