By EMMANUEL OLONIRUHA ABUJA- Former Vice-President Atiku Abubakar and Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) presidential candidate has chosen Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta as his running mate for the 2023 poll.Abubakar said this at an unveiling of his running mate at the PDP national secretariat in Abuja on Thursday.He said that choosing his running mate was a difficult task as three eminently qualified persons were recommended, out of which Okowa was finally selected.“It is a difficult decision that I was called upon to take. But, as someone hoping to lead a complex country such as ours, tough and difficult decisions would remain a part of my everyday life.“Let me, therefore, start this momentous journey with a crucial decision about who, among the eminently qualified shortlist, would be my running mate.“Accordingly, let me state that the person I have chosen as my running mate possesses all those identified qualities.“ He personifies not only the seriousness the current moment represents for our country but also the future that our young people yearn for and deserve.“He is a serving state governor who has demonstrated, in his state and through his conduct, that governance is about service to the people,” he said.Abubakar added: “Please join me in welcoming to the ticket the next Vice President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, His Excellency Gov. Ifeanyi Arthur Okowa.”(NAN) •PDP 2023 VP Candidate Okowa ABUJA - Delta State Governor, Senator Ifeanyi Okowa, has been unveiled as the running mate of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Presidential Candidate for the 2023 election, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar. He was unveiled early this afternoon, Thursday, June 16, 2022, by Atiku at Wadata Plaza e… In "Top Stories" By FLORENCE ONUEGBU Bola Tinubu, Peter Obi and Atiku Abubakar LAGOS- Dr. Robert Ebelo, the Executive Secretary, Guardians of Leadership and Democracy (GLD) says the emergence of three presidential candidates provide broader option of choices for Nigerians. GLD is a pro-democracy group with focus on leadership, good governance, sustainable democracy,… In "Politics" Atiku (right) and Nyesom Wike exchanging pleasantries ABUJA - A panel has recommended Rivers State Governor Nyesom Wike as running mate to Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar. It took the decision yesterday after a marathon meeting of the National Advisory Committee, an ad-hoc panel set up by… In "Politics"