By POLYCARP AUTA RUKUBA(PLATEAU)-The Nigerian Army will continue to engage the services of its retired personnel in tackling insecurity in the country, the Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt.-Gen. Faruk Yahaya  has said.Yahaya said at this on Tuesday night at a ”Regimented Dinner ” he organised for the 2021 set of retired officers from its 3 Division, Rukuba, near Jos.The COAS,  who was represented by Maj.-Gen. Ibrahim Ali,  the General Officer Commanding (GOC) the division and Commander Operation Safe Haven (OPSH), thanked the retired personnel for their sacrifices and commitment to duty while in service.He explained that the expertise of the retired personnel would be needed toward supporting the Nigerian army  in its bid to end all forms of insecurity in the nation.”I wish to assure you that the Nigerian army is grateful for the services you rendered to our father land.”There are ongoing efforts to engage the services of the retired professionals with the wealth of experiences gathered over the years.”These experiences are necessary toward tackling all forms of insecurity in our nation, ”he said.Yahaya added that the dinner was organised to appreciate the retired personnel and their spouses for thier meritorious service to the nation.The COAS assured the personnel still serving, to put in their best in securing the territorial integrity of the nation and promised to make their welfare top of his priorities.Also speaking, retired Maj.-Gen. Hasaan Umaru, who was Special Guest at the event, thanked the COAS for introducing the dinner as a welfare package for the retired officers.He tasked the retired officers to be good ambassadors of the Nigerian army and be ready to support it anytime their services would be needed.Umaru advised them to contribute to the growth of their immediate communities and the society in general.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that earlier, a buffet was held in honour of retired soldiers at the cantonment. (NAN) By MOHAMMED TIJJANI •General. Faruk Yahaya Kaduna- The Chief of Army Staff (COAS),  Lt.-Gen. Faruk Yahaya, on Friday said Nigerian Army remained committed to enhancing the welfare of its retired and discharged personnel.Faruk disclosed this in a good message he sent to the send-off ceremony and regimental dinner night in honour… In "Metro" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Chief of Army Staff Lieutenant General Faruk Yahaya has called on retired officers of the Nigerian Army to feel free to offer opinions and suggestions that could be of benefit in ongoing operations to tackle insecurity in the country. Gen Yahaya made… In "Top Stories" By DESMOND EJIBAS PORT HARCOURT- The Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Faruk Yahaya, has warned troops of the Nigeria Army to avoid being dragged into politicking as the 2023 general elections approached.Yahaya spoke at a three-day ‘Second Senior Command and Leadership Seminar’ in Port Harcourt on Wednesday for commanders of… In "News"