ADO-EKITI – The Ekiti State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has urged its supporters to disregard the news making rounds that an Abuja high court has nullified the Ekiti APC governorship primary election ahead of the governorship election holding on Saturday in the state. Through a release signed by its State Publicity Secretary, Segun Dipe, APC said though “there were some cases filed by some individuals regarding the governorship primaries held in January this year, which saw to the emergence of Biodun Abayomi Oyebanji, as the candidate of our party, but none has gone beyond the  preliminary stage and all of them have been transferred back to Ekiti for hearing. No High Court is sitting on any matter regarding our primary in Abuja as at today. Furthermore, every matter relating to the primary has been adjourned till September this year. To the best of our knowledge, none is up for hearing at the moment.” The statement continued: “APC therefore calls on all electorates in the state to remain calm and unshaken in their resolve to ensure that their adored candidate, BAO, and adored party, APC coast home to victory come Saturday, 18 June, 2022.” By IDOWU GABRIEL Senator Bola Tinubu ADO-EKITI- The Presidential Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Sen. Bola Tinubu, has boasted that no political party can wrestle power from the rulling APC.He said APC has brought so much development to the country that it will be difficult for any other… In "Politics" Former Minister of Works, Senator Dayo Adeyeye, and six other governorship aspirants on the platform of the All Progressives Congress have withdrawn from the party’s primary election in Ekiti State. Others, who withdrew, according to a statement on Thursday, are a former governorship aspirant, Kayode Ojo; Demola Popoola; Femi Bamisile;… In "News" By REMI KOLEOSOADO-EKITI- A Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti State, Chief Taiwo Olatunbosun, says the emergence of Sen. Bola Tinubu as the party’s presidential candidate will spur the party to win the June 18 governorship election in the state.Olatunbosun, a former Speaker of the Ekiti House… In "Politics"