ABUJA – Ebonyi State Governor Dr. David Umahi has denied media reports that he has stepped down for the Senate President, Senator Ahmed Lawan ahead of the Presidential Primary.A statement by Francis Nwaze, Special Assistant to the Governor (Media and Publicity), late Saturday said the news is totally false in context and content, urging Nigerians too disregard the news. Part of the statement said: “For the sake of discerning minds, what happened was that Senate President, Ahmed Lawal in a last-ditch effort to ramp up partnership ahead of the APC Presidential Primary, visited Governor Umahi in his Abuja residence on Saturday where they both promised to support whoever amongst the two and other aspirants that emerge the flagbearer of the party in the Primary. The Senate President even took out time to eulogise Engineer Umahi for making the party proud through his purposeful governance in Ebonyi State. “There was no time during the visit that the issue of stepping down by either Engineer Umahi or the Senate President was discussed or even suggested. “It, therefore, becomes a serious concern how the Arise Television got themselves enmeshed in this kind of professional miscarriage of reality without verifying the authenticity or otherwise of their news source. “The teeming supporters of Engineer Umahi across Nigeria and beyond are encouraged to disregard the ill-fated news item which is by all standards fake, and go about their solidarity on the assurance that His Excellency the Governor is still very much in the race to develop Nigeria, God willing, he will emerge in the Sunday Presidential Primary of our great Party, the All Progressives Congress.” By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE ABUJA- The All Progressives Congress (APC) has commenced the screening of its aspirants for 2023 presidential election.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the screening which is presently taking place at the Transcop Hilton Hotel, Abuja would last for two days.A source in the party said… In "Politics" By VICTOR NWACHUKWU OWERRI- Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo, Senate President, Ahmed Lawan, and Gov. Dave Umahi of Ebonyi have consulted with delegates of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Imo. The trio consulted with the delegates in separate meetings in Owerri, the Imo capital, on Tuesday, ahead of the APC’s… In "Politics" •Vice President Yemi Osinbajo ABUJA - After months of speculations Vice President Yemi Osinbajo last night confirmed that he would bid for the All Progressives Congress (APC) ticket to run for President. He chose the occasion of an Iftar (the break of fast during Ramadan) to inform governors elected on the… In "Top Stories"