Charles Soludo, the Anambra state governor-elect, will take over office from his predecessor, Governor Willie Obiano, today March 17.  A statement released by the Head, Soludo Media Office, Joe Anatune, says the swearing-in ceremony, would take place at the Government House, Agu-Awka, and is expected to be very low-key with 50 guests in attendance.After the swearing-in ceremony, Soludo is expected to inspect a guard of honor and then make his inaugural address to the people of the state.The statement read in parts;“The Anambra State Governor-elect, Prof Chukwuma Soludo, will officially be sworn in on Thursday (today) as the sixth democratically-elected governor of the state. Invited guests are expected to be seated by 9am prompt. Similarly, all accredited media houses are to be at the venue before 8am.After the official swearing in, Prof Chukwuma Soludo will inspect a guard of honour and consequently makes his inaugural address to the people of Anambra State. Thereafter, an inter-denominational service will hold briefly before the new Governor immediately sets out to workPlease note this event is strictly low key and devoid of the usual merry-making and unbridled celebrations usually associated with occasions of this nature.”On November 10, 2021, Soludo was declared winner of the state governorship election.  source •Anambra Governor-Elect, Prof. Soludo AWKA - Governor-elect of Anambra State, Prof Chukwuma Charles Soludo, late Wednesday restated his resolve to have only 50 persons attend his swearing-in ceremony holding Thursday (this morning) as the 6th democratically elected governor of the state. While the 50 people are expected be drawn from… In "Top Stories" •Governor Willie Obiano (right) and Governor-elect Charles Soludo  By CHUKWUJEKWU ILOZUE  AWKA - The Anambra state governor, Chief Willie Obiano and the Governor-Elect, Professor Charles Chukwuma Soludo may have disagreed on the size of the budget for the inauguration and handover on March 17, 2022. Daily Independent learnt that the government… In "Top Stories" Professor Charles Chukwuma Soludo, Anambra State Governor-elect, on Thursday unveiled an 80-member transition coomission rhat will help him usher in his government on March 17, 2022. TheNiche had exclusively reported this morning that the former Governor of the Sentral Bank of Nigeria (CBN) who won the November 6, 2021 Anambra… In "Politics"