AWKA – Governor-elect of Anambra State, Prof Chukwuma Charles Soludo, late Wednesday restated his resolve to have only 50 persons attend his swearing-in ceremony holding Thursday (this morning) as the 6th democratically elected governor of the state. While the 50 people are expected be drawn from technocrats of Soludo’s status, members of the media were neither officially invited nor accredited to attend the event as only five journalists out of the teeming number of reporters in the state would be allowed entry into the venue. Meanwhile, a Facebook page called Soludo TV has been circulated for people to log into to watch the live transmission of the event. A statement by the Head, Soludo Media Office, Joe C. Anatuna, said the ceremony, which he described as solemn will take place this Thursday morning, March 17, 2022, at the Agu-Awka Government House. The statement partly reads: “Invited guests are expected to be seated by 9:00 am prompt. Similarly, all accredited media houses are to be at the venue before 8am “After the official swearing in, Prof Chukwuma Soludo will inspect a guard of honour and consequently makes his inaugural address to the people of Anambra State. Thereafter, an inter-denominational service will hold briefly before the new Governor immediately sets out to work “Please note this event is strictly low key and devoid of the usual merry-making and unbridled celebrations usually associated with occasions of this nature “The Governor-elect however remains grateful to everyone for the outpouring of goodwill messages as well as the continuous support from well-wishers and numerous supporters within and across the globe.” (News Express) Professor Charles Chukwuma Soludo, Anambra State Governor-elect, on Thursday unveiled an 80-member transition coomission rhat will help him usher in his government on March 17, 2022. TheNiche had exclusively reported this morning that the former Governor of the Sentral Bank of Nigeria (CBN) who won the November 6, 2021 Anambra… In "Politics" •Prof Chukwuma Soludo, incoming Anambra State governor BY FRED CHUKWUELOBE Anambra State governor-elect, Prof. Charles Chukwuma Soludo, does want to be referred to as 'His Excellency'. He prefers 'Mr. Governor'. Former Niger State Governor, Babangida Aliyu, preferred 'Servant Leader'. I don't know how far he led the people. It is… In "News" •Governor Willie Obiano (right) and Governor-elect Charles Soludo  By CHUKWUJEKWU ILOZUE  AWKA - The Anambra state governor, Chief Willie Obiano and the Governor-Elect, Professor Charles Chukwuma Soludo may have disagreed on the size of the budget for the inauguration and handover on March 17, 2022. Daily Independent learnt that the government… In "Top Stories"