The National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu has called on President Muhammadu Buhari and other chieftains of the party not to allow APC to become like other political parties. Tinubu, who is the founding father of the party stated this while commending President Buhari in a statement titled: President Muhammadu Buhari’s Optimism About APC Commendable.” According to him, Buhari and some chieftains of the party had invested time, energy, ideas, and resources forming the APC, urging that members not to allow their efforts to become a waste. The former Lagos State governor emphasized the need for APC to strengthen its internal democratic processes to remain relevant. He said, “Recently, President Buhari made a characteristically concise and important statement regarding the strength and purpose of our political party, All Progressives Congress. “He underscored the need for the party to perfect its internal processes so that it keeps faith to the progressive purpose for which it was founded: to bring forth a better society through just and compassionate good governance. “Again, we all should thank the president for the Sunday remarks which he made. We should take full notice of the enduring import of what he said, his eyes on his legacy, on leaving behind a worthy legacy. Let us keep the APC on its rightful path and reject any ruse or artifice that would cause the party to betray its great calling. “Many progressive leaders had invested time, energy, ideas and resources in forming the APC with a view to providing a better Nigeria. The president is the founder of this party. I too have lent my humble bit. As founding fathers of this party, we must continue to guard its purpose. “Let not the APC descend into the ways and rank of the other parties. Instead, may we strive to be an exemplar for a caring and democratic society. Only in this manner can we ensure the legacy of the party while leading our nation to its greater By Emmanuel Mogbede Abuja -  The United Kingdom chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC), says that reconciling aggrieved members of the party is crucial to its success in the 2019 general elections. The Spokesperson of the chapter, Mr Jacob Ogunseye, said this in a statement, a copy of which… In "Politics" The Presidency has said a statement by President Muhammadu Buhari making reference to Lagos was not directed at the All Progressives Congress national leader, Bola Ahmed Tinubu. During his interview with Arise TV, when the President was asked on his desire for the APC after his tenure, he said: “The… In "Politics" A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Lagos state, Ambassador Nurain Abayomi Mumuni, has advised former governor of Abia state, Chief Orji Uzor Kalu, to desist from attacking former governor of Lagos state, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu. Mumuni, who contested the gubernatorial election on the platform of the… In "News"