By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Director General Industrial Training Fund (ITF), Sir Joseph Ari, has said he has no political future ambition to contest for any political office in the future. Ari said he is also not supporting anyone in the forthcoming 2023 general elections. He said at his age, he will like to step aside for the younger generation to take over the mantle of leadership. “I will be 62 years old this year, I want to retire and rest as soon as I complete my tenure as DG ITF”, he said. Ari stated this Saturday in Jos, while addressing journalists on the mischievous craft of detractors who have flooded the streets with his campaign posters for the 2023 general elections. “I am not running for Senate, neither are mine supporting the Deputy Governor, Sonni Gwanle Tyoden, who has indicated interest to contest for Governor. “I am surprised just as you, to see my campaign posters for Senate and posters indicating that I am supporting the Deputy Governor, Sonni Tyoden, and the Fomer governor of Nasarawa State, Umaru Tanko Al-makura, who is vying for Chairmanship of the All Progressive Congress (APC), in the March 26th National Convention. “This is the works of those who are envious of the successes I have achieved in lifting the ITF to the heights it occupied today”. Ari said his desire therefore is to continue to grow the Funds to meet the desired aspiration of its founding fathers, rather than drift away to politics which he has no appetite for. “Since my appointment as the Director-General/ Chief Executive of the Industrial Training Fund, I have invested all energies in ensuring that the institution achieves the vision and aspirations of its founding fathers. “Therefore, under my watch, the Industrial Training Fund has hit lofty heights, fulfilling its onerous mandate of developing the Nation’s human resource, while also partnering the Federal Government to actualize the objectives of the President Buhari Administration especially with regard to poverty reduction, job and wealth creation. “However, based on my achievements, some unscrupulous elements that are bent on pulling me down. What has come to my attention is that in their desperate attempts, they have printed campaign posters suggesting that I am aspiring for an elective position, and also canvassing support for the aspirations of some candidates that are vying for elective positions in our great party, the All Progressive Congress (APC) in upcoming APC National Convention. “I have also been reliably informed that these disgruntled elements plot to flood the convention venue with these posters in order to breed mistrust and disharmony and thereby generate rancor for their own selfish purposes as I have never contemplated and not contemplating on vying for any elective position in the nearest future”, he said Ari said he is only presently busy and fully engaged with the onerous responsibility of deploying the mandate of the ITF, aimed to equip Nigerians with skills for employability and entrepreneurship. ... Alerts security agents that it's plot by disgruntled elements to smear his image By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Director General of the Industrial Trust Funds ( ITF), Dr. Joseph Ari has debunked the rumour making rounds that he is nursing the ambition of running for Plateau state… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko A Non-governmental Orgnaization, Budget Tracking and monitoring, has condemned the alleged sponsored publications and protest against the Director General of the industrial Training Funds, ITF, Joe Ari. “As a registered non-governmental organization, Budget monitoring and accountability, which activities and mandate to ensure the rights of Citizens, budget… In "Features" From Jude Owuamanam, Man­aging Editor, Northe­rn Operations JOS (Sundiata Post) - Director General of the Industrial Tra­i­ning Fund, Sir Jos­eph Ari, has said th­at the poor funding of the Students Indu­st­rial Work Experie­nce Scheme, SIWES, has left the organisa­tion at the mercy of st­udents and super­viso­rs who constant­ly ha­rass ITF… In "News"