National leader of the APC, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu has said his disagreements with former President Olusegun Obasanjo on some issues are without personal animus. Tinubu, in a felicitation message to Obasanjo who clocked 85 years on Saturday, said at 85, Obasanjo remained strong, agile and committed to the greatness of our dear nation. “President Obasanjo has made numerous useful contributions to this country. There have been instances where I have disagreed with President Obasanjo on important substantive issues. “Our debates have been spirited yet always professional and without personal animus. Through it all, I have come to respect his love of country and legendary work ethic. President Obasanjo has worked tirelessly for Nigeria, Africa and indeed the black race,” he said. Tinubu said Obasanjo has earned his stripes as an important statesman on the world stage. “Baba Obasanjo is bold and courageous and will continue to be so for that is the essence of his character. “On this occasion of his 85th birthday, our prayers is that God Almighty keep Baba with us for many more years. May God grant him good health and ceaseless energy to continue to be of service to this country he loves so dearly. Amin,” he said. THE pan-Yoruba socio-political organisation, Afenifere, yesterday, disagreed with former Lagos State governor, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu that the herdsmen terror being witnessed across the country is a fallout of water scarcity. Tinubu, who spoke at The Nation/TVC seminar in Abuja, was reported to have said: “Unoccupied, isolated land can quickly be… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – National leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Sen. Bola Tinubu has reacted to former President Olusegun  Obasanjo’s letter to President Buhari, saying Obasanjo did not mean well with his letter. Senator Tinubu who accused Obasanjo of playing Politics with the open letter,… In "Top Stories" •Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu The masquerade came out in the open on Monday when the governor emeritus of Lagos State, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, confirmed his much-rumoured interest in the 2023 presidential election. Putting aside the hide-and-seek game he had played on the issue, Tinubu announced he will run in… In "Opinion"