Ambrose Aisabor, a security expert and retired Assistant Inspector General of Police, says Abba Kyari, the disgraced Deputy Commissioner of Police, was a monster created by police chiefs, powerful politicians who were on his payroll.  The former AIG who stated this in a chat with Daily Trust further urged the Nigerian Government to ensure there is strong security around Kyari.The comment followed the Nigerian government’s planned extradition of Kyari to the United States.A grand jury in April 2021 filed an indictment against Kyari with the approval of the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California.On Wednesday, the Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN), filed an application before the Chief Judge of the Federal High Court in Abuja for Kyari’s extradition.The application marked: FHC/ABJ/CS/249/2022 was filed under the Extradition Act.The security expert, however, said “there should be a watertight security around him before being transferred to the USA.”According to him, the possibility of his being eliminated or poisoned is very high.He said, “Abba Kyari was a monster created by some retired and serving police leadership. He served these officers and their wives with gifts while serving as the commander of the IRT.“Some powerful politicians are also believed to be on his payroll hence he was seen to be infallible and no senior officer was bold enough to check his excesses and illegalities.“There is palpable fear everywhere now that Abba Kyari may likely spill the beans since he may not want to go down alone as many police officers serving and retired are suspected to have benefited from his illegal activities.”Kyari was accused of committing wire fraud, money laundering and identity theft.He was also accused of working with Ramon Abbas, aka Hushpuppi, who has pleaded guilty to Internet fraud.  Source It has been revealed that serious pressure is being heaped on the Nigerian police authorities in order to clear disgraced police officer, Abba Kyari. According to Sahara Reporters, the pressure is coming from top government officials, monarchs and ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) chieftains. They want suspended commander of the… In "News" A Senior Advocate of Nigeria, Muiz Banire, says that a Deputy Commissioner of Police, Abba Kyari, could turn himself in to the Interpol if he is certain that he is innocent of the allegations preferred against him by the United States Attorney’s Office, Central District of California. The American court… In "News" •Abba Kyari Abba Kyari’s response in July after the US Attorney General’s Office Central District of California issued a warrant of arrest against him following his indictment in a case of internet fraud involving Ramon Abbas, otherwise called Hushpuppi, was the earliest warning sign that the Nigerian end of this… In "Column - Thursday"