An aide to Sen. Rochas Okorocha (APC-Imo), Mr Marcus Joseph says that his boss will fast track human capital development in the country if elected as the president in 2023. In a statement made available on Friday, Joseph urged Nigerians to vote for a leader who is passionate about their future. According to him, human capital development is a platform upon which the economic activities of every nation rests. ”Our nation’s major problem lies in the fact that we don’t understand the importance of human capital development to run the affairs of the nation. ”The spate of out-of-school-children in the country is becoming worrisome. The trend must be arrested without delay and the only person that could do that is Okorocha. ”A man like Okorocha who has taken education as a priority with the number of schools he established for the less-privileged will understand the need to invest in education as a resident,” he said. He added that proper education is capable of adding value to society and that denying the citizenry of education is tantamount to robbing the country of its human capital development. A former Governor of Imo state, Rochas Okorocha has been endorsed by a northern group, Coalition of Arewa Professionals to be the country's president in 2023. According to ThisDay, the group made this known in a statement. It reads: "After wide consultation with stakeholders, the Coalition of Arewa Professionals hereby… In "News" Abuja -  Gov. Rochas Okorocha of Imo has called for the classification of Nigerian universities as being practiced in other nations. Okorocha made the appeal during a visit to National Universities Commission (NUC) on Wednesday in Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Okorocha was at NUC to… In "News" THE Peoples Democratic Party on Monday accused the Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodimma, and a former governor of the state, Rochas Okorocha, of turning the state into a war zone. The PDP spokesperson in the state, Ogubundu Nwadike, in a statement on Monday said the clash between the supporters of… In "Features"