ontractors handling the abandoned N400 billion health project have returned to site after Senate decision to Investigate the matter following the motion sponsored by Senator Ibrahim Oloriegbe. Senate had on February 16, 2022 ordered investigation into abandonment of the N400 billion National Primary Health Centre (NPHC) project, 16 years after it was initiated by the Olusegun Obasanjo administration. The Upper Chamber directed that its committees on Works and Housing, Health and Communicable Disease carry out a joint investigation into the matter .However, three weeks after the resolution to investigate the matter was passed the contractors have started returning to sites as local government authorities begin to receive medical equipment .This was made known by the Chairman, Senate Committee on Health , Senator Ibrahim Oloriegbe who sponsored the motion through his official twitter account. He said, “Alleged 400bn Abandoned National Primary Health Centre Projects, Contractors Resume To Sites as Local Government Authorities Begin To Receive Medical Equipment after I moved the motion to investigate the projects.“The essence of the motion that sought an investigation into the abandoned N400 billion National Primary Health Centre projects awarded during the tenure of President Olusegun Obasanjo has begun to materialize in a flash.“It would be recalled that as the Chairman Senate Committee on Health, I moved a motion on 16th of February 2022, on the need to investigate the abandoned health projects which were funded through the monies deducted from the excess crude account of all the 774 LGAs in the country. “Following this motion, the Senate passed a resolution mandating its committees on Health, Primary Health Care and Communicable Disease, Works and Housing to determine the status of the funds warehoused with the then Bank PHB (now Keystone Bank) and the level of the projects done. “In a swift reaction to the development, the concerned contractors have however embarked on the penitential voyage by taking remedial steps to mitigate their alleged malfeasance.“ Dreading the outcome of the ongoing investigations, they have started reaching out to the local government authorities whilst expediting corrective measures against their alleged professional misconduct and breach of contract. “And as part of efforts to address the lapses, the contractors have begun to deploy medical equipment to local government authorities and have evinced a readiness to resume work on the abandoned buildings across the country.“I am using this avenue to reiterate the resolve of the committees to continue with the investigations. The moves of the contractors will not deter us from getting to the root of the matter regarding the projects as we will ensure that Nigerians’ monies are working for them. “It is important to strengthen the primary health care system because, primary health care is the bedrock of the health system and its optimal functioning will ensure better health outcomes for the country.” By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate on Tuesday resolved to investigate allegations of fake COVID-19 test result to defraud unsuspecting Nigerians in Ghana and the use of fake COVID-19 vaccination cards in Nigeria.  The decision to investigate the allegation against the Ghanaian authorities was an outcome of… In "Top Stories" By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - The Senate on Wednesday resolved to investigate the abandonment of Mararaba Mubi-Michika-Madagali road rehabilitation in Adamawa. This followed a motion sponsored by Sen .Ishaku Abbo ( PDP -Adamawa North), who drew the attention of the lawmakers on the deplorable state of the road in spite… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Tuesday urged the Federal Government to make funds available to contractors handling the Baro River Port for the final completion of the project. This followed a motion by Senator Bima Enagi (Niger South) and co-sponsored by 22 other senators at the… In "News"