…Thanks Buhari for appointing Benue Son By Chibuike Nwabuko (Sundiata Post) – Benue State Governor Samuel Ortom has sent a message of congratulations to the new Executive Secretary of Tertiary Education Trust Fund, TETFUND, Arch Sunny Echono on his appointment by President Muhammadu Buhari. According to the statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur made available to Sundiata Post, the Governor in his congratulatory message, also thanked President Buhari for finding a Benue son worthy for the appointment. Arch Echono was the immediate past Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Education, Abuja who retired after a meritorious service to the nation. Governor Ortom expressed delight that Echono’s outstanding performance as the Permanent Secretary in the ministry of Education earned him the recognition and appointment to higher responsibility. “I am delighted with this well deserved appointment. Arch Echono is a good ambassador of Benue State and distinguished citizen of Nigeria. His diligence and wealth of experience in the management of human and material resources over the years will be the needed asset in his new assignment”, Ortom stated. He therefore urged Echono to sustain his high administrative and professional excellence, high moral and ethical standards that has brought him thus far just as he reminded him that the nation is his constituency and should take cognizance of the diversity and interest of all Nigerians while taking decisions. Governor Ortom wishes Echono a successful tenure at TETFUND . President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Sunny Echono as the new Executive Secretary of the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFund). Mr Ben Goong, Director, Press and Public Relations at the Federal Ministry of Education made this known in a statement he issued in Abuja on Friday.Goong stated that… In "News" By Philip Dzeremo Otobi(Benue) - Mr Sonny Echono, Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Education, says nearly 60 million Nigerians are illiterates, assuring that literacy centres will reduce the high percentage of illiteracy in the country. Echono made this known on Thursday at the Federal Government College Otobi, during the inauguration… In "News" ‎ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Federal Government has not reversed the Growth Enhancement Scheme (GES)‎ of the Ministry of Agriculture otherwise known as e-wallet, meant to supply fertilisers  to farmers without middlemen. This is even as President Muhammadu Buhari has given ‎the Ministry of Agriculture the go-ahead to fine-tune strategies for ending… In "News"