ASABA – The convoy of the Chief of Staff, Prof. Ibrahim Gambari; Minister of Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola; and his counterpart in Labour and Employment, Christ Ngige, crashed during the inspection of a bridge in Asaba, Delta State. Four policemen were feared dead in the accident that occurred Tuesday evening. The driver reportedly lost control of the vehicle conveying security operatives and crashed into a deep pit.An eyewitness, John Okorie, said the incident happened when the vehicle conveying the victims was negotiating the bend leading to the construction site of the Second Niger Bridge at the Asaba. It was gathered that the police vehicle was speeding to meet up with the ministers’ vehicles when it veered off the road and crashed. See also  FG tenders before court $1m cash allegedly recovered from former Chief of Air Staff, Umar MohammedAlso, a Delta Line driver, who spoke to our correspondent on condition of anonymity, said, “The incident was very fatal. “The policeman driver was speeding and while negotiating the bend because of the speed could not control the vehicle. They crashed into a deep pit. I was at the back of the convoy, driving slowly.“With the help of other people, we rescued four of them but they were badly injured. They were shouting as the vehicle fell on them.”When contacted, the Police Public Relations Officer in the State, DSP Bright Edafe, said he was yet to receive the accident report as of the time of filling this report. See also  Insecurity: Umahi calls for names of unemployed youths living outside Ebonyi“I have not received the accident report, I will get back to you,” he said. (PUNCH) Many tanker drivers who are protesting the alleged shooting of one of their colleagues by a policeman, Thursday took to the Asaba-Benin Expressway in Delta state and barricaded the ever-busy road, according to SaharaReporters. The protesting drivers, who vowed not to vacate the road until justice is done, lamented the… In "Features" Asaba - No fewer than 15 persons died in Thursday auto crashed, that occurred at Ubulu Okiti junction in Aniocha South Local Government Area of Delta, an official of the Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC) has said. Mr Rindom Kumven, Delta Sector Commander of FRSC, disclosed this on Saturday in… In "News" Asaba  -  A fight broke out between policemen and some people suspected to be members of the Movement for the Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB) in Asaba on Monday, eyewitnesses said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) learnt that the incident occurred along Anwai Road in the city when MASSOB… In "Top Stories"