BRT driver had given a disjointed claim aimed at absolving himself from the dastardly crime. He faces the death penalty if convicted. The BRT driver in the middle of the ritual murder of the 22-year-old Miss Bamise Ayanwola, has been arraigned at a magistrate court in Lagos. The BRT driver, Andrew Nice Ominnikoron, admitted to being the driver of the BRT vehicle which Bamise Ayanwola boarded on the fateful night she was brutally murdered. Bamise’s family members and friends had raised the alarm that she was missing after she boarded a BRT bus driven by Nice at the Ajah axis of the state on February 26. Nine days later, the corpse of the 22-year-old was found at Carter Bridge on Lagos Island. The BRT driver was later arrested by officials of the Department of State Services (DSS) in Ogun State after he fled Lagos. On Friday, the police filed a four-count charge against the BRT driver.The charges are alleged murder, rape, and interference with the deceased’s corpse. “That you Andrew Nice Ominnikoron ‘M’ and others still at large, on the 26 day of February 2022 at about 2000hrs, along Ajah – Oshodi Expressway Lagos, in the Lagos State Magisterial District, whilst on duty as a BRT driver within the metropolis with BRT bus code number 257 did, forcefully had sexual intercourse with Late Ayanwole Oluwabamise ‘F’ Aged 22yrs (Now Deceased) and thereafter, pushed her out of the moving BRT Bus, and thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 260 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State of Nigeria, 2015,” the charge sheet reads in part. “That you Andrew Nice Ominnikoron ‘M’ and others still at large, on the 26th day of February 2022 at about 2000hrs, along Ajah – Oshodi Expressway Lagos, in the Lagos State Magisterial District, whilst on duty as a BRT driver within the metropolis with BRT bus code number 257 did, improperly or indecently interferes with the corpse of Late Ayanwole Oluwabamise ‘F’ by dumping the deceased along the express concrete pavement, and thereby, committed an offence punishable under Section 165 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State of Nigeria, 2015.” O.A Salawu, the magistrate, granted the remand request of the police and ordered that the suspect be held at the Ikoyi correctional centre. The case was adjourned to April 11. (TheNiche) •Miss Bamise and the BRT driver A Yaba Magistrates’ Court in Lagos has remanded for 30 days a Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) driver, Mr. Andrew Nice, over his alleged involvement in the death of his passenger, Oluwabamise Ayanwole. The court made the order following an application by the Police. Police… In "Top Stories" Police in Lagos and the Lagos Bus Rapid Transit are searching for a BRT driver in whose bus a 22-year-old lady was allegedly kidnapped. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) gathered that the alleged victim, Miss Oluwabamise Ayanwola, works as a Fashion Designer at Chevron Estate, Ajah and spends weekends… In "Security" The Inter-Party Advisory Council (IPAC) in Lagos State has urged Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu to install Closed-Circuit Television (CCTV) cameras in strategic places to improve security in the state. The IPAC Chairman, Mr Olusegun Mobolaji, made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Thursday.Mobolaji spoke… In "News"