Gallant soldiers of the Multinational Joint Task Force have killed many terrorists along Nigeria /Cameroon borders.  The incident according to the army took place in the course of operations conducted within the period between 23- 27 February 2022. Troops of MNJTF sector 1 Cameroon conducted operation in Vretet-Zamga-Ngoshe triangle in the general area of Kirawa on the where several BHT/ISWAP insurgents were neutralised and many fled with gun shot wounds. A statement signed by the Chief of Military Public Information HQ MNJTF N’Djamena Chad, Colonel Muhammad Dole, said large quantity of materials and assorted food stuff were recovered during the operation. The items include 01 AK47 rifle, 01 AK47 Magazine, several ammunitions of the 7.62 MM special variant , 21 bicycles, 01 BHT uniform, 39 bags millet and 02 bags of beans. “An intelligence analysis indicates that, the items were being smuggled from the borders to sambisa forest. It is believed the terrorists are stock piling materials for the incoming month of Ramadan. Further exploitation of the engagement areas showed traces of blood, evidence of BHT/ISWAP criminals removed corpses of their dead colleagues while 2 corpses of Boko Haram criminals were discovered,” the statement reads. “The Force Commander (FC) MNJTF, Major General Abdul Khalifah Ibrahim has sent his personal commendation to the Commander Sector 1 with headquarters (HQs) in Mora (Cameroon) Brigadier General Bouba Dobekreo. “The FC praised the display of courage and gallantry by the troops, as they continue to conduct special operations to combat the insurgents. “He urged them to remain committed, bold and unpredictable and to continue to dominate the area, to ensure that BHT/ISWAP terrorists are cut off from any logistics resupply. General Ibrahim assured that HQs MNJTF would make concerted efforts to ensure that all the sectors get the equipment that were allotted to them recently.  Source Abuja -  The Multinational Joint Task Force (MNJTF) troops on Friday said it had successfully repelled Boko Haram terrorists' attacks in Baga. This is contained in a statement signed by Col. Muhammad Dole, the Chief Military Public Information Officer of the task force and made available to the News Agency… In "Security" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Nigerian military in collaboration with Cameounian forces, has inflicted heavy losses on Boko Haram terrorists, killing three of their commanders and 22 fighters. This is coming as the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) F-7NI Fighter jet pounds the terrorists logistic base in Kangarawa, Borno State. The… In "Top Stories" This article is part of my periodic evaluation of the Boko Haram war in Nigeria as a Political Scientist and I will be focusing on the successes and struggles of the Nigerian soldiers this year, 2020 based on secondary sources of data. It should be noted that Boko Haram began… In "News"