AWKA – The Obi of Awka Ancient Kingdom, His Imperial Majesty, the Eze Uzu III of Awka, Obi Austin Ndigwe, has said during the governorship election campaign of the immediate past Governor of Anambra State, Willie Obiano he (the monarch) took then governorship candidate Willie Obiano and his wife, Ebelechukwu to Ambassador Bianca Odumegwu-Ojukwu for support. He said the couple knelt down before the widow of the late Ikemba Nnewi, Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu and she endorsed their candidature and supported them.By fighting Ojukwu’s widow, the Obi of Awka said wife of the former governor of Anambra State, Mrs Ebelechukwu Obiano, has desecrated Awka land. The monarch, in a statement he signed and distributed to journalists in Awka on Friday, said he has given Mrs Obiano seven days to publicly apologise to the entire Igbo people or face serious consequences. He said the actions of the wife of the former governor was sacrilegious, and that as the monarch of the town, he will have to appease the gods of Awka land to avoid calamities. The monarch also said: “She should also tender an unreserved apology to the new Governor of Anambra State, Professor Chukwuma Soludo for her disgraceful conduct during his inauguration. The same should go for the chief judge of the state who was conducting the swearing-in when she descended. “This grave sin was committed in the land of Awka which is known for peace and unity. Therefore, as the traditional ruler of the people and chief custodian of our culture, I am under obligation to perform some sacrifices to cleanse our land of this filth and pollution and to appease the gods.” The Obi of Awka said he has long spoken with Bianca Ojukwu who told him that what angered her was that Mrs Obiano walked up to her and called her unprintable names, including querying her presence at the swearing-in ceremony. He added that a study of the scenario showed that Mrs Obiano’s action was deliberate, as she came very much prepared to disrupt the swearing-in ceremony. Ndigwe added that Mrs Obiano’s action was not only against Mrs Ojukwu but against the late Ojukwu, who is the founder of All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, who his widow came to represent. “It must be pointed out that Bianca was not at that ceremony as Bianca, but as a direct representative of our late father and leader, Chief Odumegwu Ojukwu, her late husband who pioneered APGA. “Therefore, Ebele’s action of casting aspersion on her is an affront on the entire Igbo people. It was indeed on Odumegwu Ojukwu and not on Bianca as a person. This is an insult to Igbo and it must not go unpunished. “It is on record that I took Obiano and this his wife, Ebere to Bianca Ojukwu where they knelt down while seeking the party’s governorship ticket. Bianca endorsed Obiano and called on all APGA members including then Governor Peter Obi to support him. “Mrs Ebele Obiano has only seven days to apologise as demanded and directed or face serious consequences.” •Prof. Soludo being sworn-in as Anambra Governor . . . Thursday morning in Awka  AWKA - Anambra State’s new governor, Professor Chukwuma Charles Soludo, has expressed disappointment over the ugly incident that threatened to mar his inauguration, this morning at the Agu-Awka Government House in Awka, the state capital. Ebelechukwu,… In "Top Stories" •Ebele Obiano and Bianca Ojukwu AWKA - The Anambra State Police Command on Thursday said it saw no need to arrest wife of outgoing Governor of Anambra State, Ebelechukwu Obiano; and widow of the late Chukwuemeka Odumegwu-Ojukwu, Bianca; for breach of public peace. The Command spokesman, Ikenga Tochukwu, made this… In "Top Stories" •Screen shot of the commotion By FRANCIS ONYEUKWU AWKA - Drama ensued on Thursday at the inauguration of Prof Chukwuma Soludo as the governor of Anambra when wife of outgoing Gov. Willie Obiano, Ebelechukwu, slapped Mrs Bianca Ojukwu at the event. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) correspondent who was… In "Top Stories"