The Department of State Security (DSS) Saturday raised the alarm over a plot by unnamed sponsors to stoke violence in the North.It said the aim was to ignite ethno-religious violence in some parts of the North in order to heat up the polity.A statement signed by the Spokesman of DSS, Dr Peter Afunanya, said the planners had mobilised foot soldiers and held several meetings. It said the ring leaders planned to use striking university students, teachers, labour unions and exploit the global energy situation to create a protest like #ENDSARS, stating that it was on the trail of the planners.DSS, therefore, warned the ring leaders to desist from acts that could lead to a breakdown of law and order. “The Department of State Services (DSS) hereby alerts the public of a sinister plan by some elements to stoke violence in parts of the country particularly the North Central. “The aim is to cause ethno-religious crisis, ignite reprisals and heat up the polity. In a bid to achieve this, the sponsors have mobilised foot soldiers and held several meetings in and outside the target areas”, it said. “The service is also aware of a plot to use students, striking University teachers, labour unions, disgruntled individuals and strategic groups as well as exploit the global energy situation to carry out a mass protest like the ENDSARS. This is despite ongoing efforts by Government to address the issues.”While the service views the machination as unpatriotic, it is on the trail of the agents of destabilisation, who are desirous of using violence to achieve ulterior goals”, it said. DSS said “though it has emplaced measures to disrupt these tendencies, it warns the ring leaders and their cohorts to desist from acts capable of causing a breakdown of law and order. “The public should be rest assured that the service will, in conjunction with other security agencies, go after the sponsors of this scheme and ensure the law takes it course.”Citizens are advised not only to engage according to rules but should resist persuasions to be used to destroy their own country. Those who may wish to go contrary to the law will, however, face the consequences”. ...As Sect Vows To Hold Annual Procession Kingsley Nwezeh in Abuja and Michael Olugbode in Maiduguri Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Department of State Services (DSS), Nigeria Police and the Islamic Movement of Nigeria (IMN) yesterday appeared set for a showdown as they traded words over the sect’s planned procession… In "Top Stories" AWKA - The Movement for the Actualisation of the Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB) weekend disassociated itself from the rumoured plan to attack Anambra State office of the Directorate of State Services (DSS) by pro-Biafra agitators. In a statement by MASSOB National Secretary Comrade Ugwuoke Ibem Ugwuoke, the group reiterated… In "News" The Department of State Services (DSS) on Tuesday raised alarm that certain groups and individuals intend to cause a breakdown of law and order in the country. The Service said this is more so as it has observed that some persons who are desperately seeking power use wrong and skewed… In "News"