News Reel: “The Kremlin ordered hundreds of Russian mercenaries in the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv to assassinate President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, The Times of London reported.…… The Kremlin offered what The Times described as “hefty bonuses” to wipe out Zelenskyy’s government. The exact amount of the bounty is unclear.” Also in another news “….. Putin ordered Russia’s nuclear deterrent to be to high alert on Sunday, a move that the UK said was simply an attempt at distraction.” Jumping to Africa, according to BBC News; at the UN Security Council, Kenya, currently a non-permanent member, made its opposition to Russian action in Ukraine very clear. And from the Punch, the African Union on Thursday condemned Russia’s attack on Ukraine and called for an “immediate ceasefire”, saying the situation risked escalating into “a planetary conflict”. The Punch also headlined that Nigeria has in no uncertain terms condemned the war and the aggressor Russia for invading Ukraine. This is the reality of our globe today, let us do some excavating, some digging. For starters, did you know……. That this is the largest war that Europe has seen since 1945. That for Russia it’s been rinse and repeat, Georgia, Crimea, now Ukraine. That already according to the NY Times, the prosecutor of the International Criminal Court -ICC (ICC of the Hague which is part of the global justice system), has indicated a “reasonable” basis to believe that both alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity have been committed and so will pursue an investigation. That “For centuries, the tiny Alpine nation of Switzerland has adhered to a policy of armed neutrality in global affairs”, has abandoned this position and adopted the European Union EU sanctions, including asset freezes that target Russians. Other neutral countries like Austria, Costa Rica and Ireland had already condemned Russia’s actions against Ukraine. That FIFA, UEFA and IOC (International Olympic Committee) have banned Russia and Belarus from participating in any international sports engagements under their jurisdiction. The National Hockey League (NHL) has broken partnership with Russia. That Russian vodka is being removed from spirit menus in the US and across the globe. That air spaces in the EU and other regions are closed to Russian airlines. Delta has suspended code sharing relationship with Aeroflot, Russia’s national airline. That it is reasonable today, to say that most that consider the rights of people, nations, democracy, respect for national boundaries etc. concur that Russia’s actions are wrong and bad all at once. Now there are a few that praised it, for starters former President Donald Trump did, remember that those who condemned Russia’s war against Ukraine judged it as wrong, well…… …just go figure. Check this out – this map is intriguing. Stare at it for a while. It tells many stories and begs many questions which I will not tackle here, except the one below The question is, why is Africa engaged in these types of partnerships with Russia? We all know that Russia in theory is recorded as a federal democratic state. However, we also know that Russia’s President Vladimir Putin has been president for 22 years now, changing the constitution along the way to stay in power till 2036. Should Africa’s fragile democracy not be wary of who it partners with and in what categories? Does Africa’s status as the largest trade bloc via the AfCFTA not make it more pragmatic and responsible in its actions? Partnering so aggressively on weapons of destruction with Russia by a continent that has never trained any of its vitriol in the direction of nations that have exploited and harmed it and its people for centuries or spoken effectively enough against any real enemies let alone consider any weaponry of war in readiness for any attacks should concern every African, not just a little but significantly! This is because weapons on destruction in Africa have been trained and used exclusively inwardly against its own. So stare again at that map and speak out! Everything you have read up till now is ancillary to the core of what follows, there are parallels, intersects, as for the dots, just note them…I think. Perhaps you can fill in your own blanks….. When cowards speak and the earth quakes; the characteristics of coward. Cowards are tricky because they don’t wear signs of cowardice. Instead, you identify them by these characteristics: Many people typically assume cowards are demure and quiet and slink away from the limelight or contentions, but the reality is that those types are just timid. They are typically not looking to harm anyone but primarily focused on not being harmed themselves. While some timid people might be paralyzed by fear others are simply ruled by self-preservation. Cowards are different, they are harsh, brash, boastful, and brutal. They should be avoided at all costs. When they roar the earth quakes because they are ruthless at getting their way. They will burn, scatter, destroy to make their point. As far as they are concerned, someone must pay for their anger; someone must hurt because their fragile ego has been trampled. “How dare you?” they bellow, “you will regret this” they scream as they unleash “fire and brimstone” fancying themselves the arbiter to a justice that is wholly defined by them. They see talking and diplomacy as weak simply because they do not comprehend those tools and pride blinds them. They can see people literally as cockroaches, pests to be exterminated, unworthy of life or anything good. They are harsh, harsh, harsh. Many are racists, xenophobes, misogynists, Igbophobes, masochists, pedophiles, kidnappers, murderers, white collar thieves, cheats, ego maniacs. They are also teachers, friends, athletes, doctors, lawyers, cleaners, parents, cooks and yes leaders. Many are leaders of nations, corporations, organisations and homes. They are everywhere, they are around us, and some of them are us! I am not asking you to connect the dots (noting them is enough) in this piece, but you can if you want to. I am not asking you to examine yourself or neighbour, but I hope you do because I hope that somehow, within the blank spaces of your mind you will consider doing the following exercise for yourself …After filling in the items, you can share it in the reply or comment space or keep it to yourself, it is completely up to you! Here goes: As a person, fully formed, reasonable and right thinking. I will stand up for what is right in ways I can defend, for reasons I understand. I will educate myself with honest information from parties that understand what is at stake. I will care deeply for the sanctity of life, and the responsibility to humanity and respect for nationhood. I will do these for the following five (5) reasons 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. About Ngozi Bell Inspiration, Hard Work, Innovation. These three foundational elements anchor Ngozi’s core belief that manifesting the extraordinary is always within reach. Inspired by her mother A.C.Obikwere, a scientist and author, she learned the privilege of living at the edge of important encounters and dedicating herself to robust and perpetual learning. Ngozi’s background is a combination of Physics, Engineering, Venture Capital/Private Equity, regulations, and business where she has managed over $1B in cumulative revenue. Ngozi is a speaker, storyteller, and writer on a diverse set of topics including AI, iDLT, ML, Signal Processing, iOT, women, entrepreneurship and more. She contributes regularly to VOA, has been a TEDx speaker and is published on tech and non-tech platforms. She is a champion of STEM, women, youth, art and the Africa we must engage. Ngozi is an adjunct professor of Physics and management with work experience in Asia, Europe, Africa, Middle East, and North America. She is a founder of a number of a number of enterprises and host of the podcast Stem, Stocks and Stews (https://anchor.fm/stemstocksstews-podcast). •Putin It was nerve racking for a 37-year-old lieutenant colonel Vladimir Putin as he watched angry crowds overrun the sprawling Stasi compound, the inner sanctum of which housed the KGB headquarters in the East German city of Dresden where he was stationed in December 1989. Even worse was the feeling… In "Opinion" MOSCOW     -      Russia condemned a new round of U.S. sanctions as illegal on Thursday and said it had begun working on retaliatory measures after news of the curbs pushed the rouble to two-year lows over fears Moscow was locked in a spiral of never-ending sanctions. Moscow has been trying with… In "Foreign" MOSCOW/KERCH     -       Russia said on Wednesday it would send more of its advanced S-400 surface-to-air missile systems to Crimea and a Reuters reporter saw a Russian warship deploying nearby as tensions with Ukraine rose over Moscow’s seizure of Ukrainian navy ships. Russia has steadily poured new military hardware… In "Foreign"