Senator Smart Adeyemi has disclosed that senators in the ruling All Progressives Congress are not aware that President Muhammadu Buhari approved the sack of Mai Mala Buni, the Chairman of the All Progressives Congress’ caretaker committee.  While some politicians in the ruling party had said that Buni was removed to ensure the party’s delayed convention goes on as planned on March 26, a letter from Buni countered the claim as he maintained that he officially handed over to Niger State Governor Abubakar Bello and will resume his Chairmanship duties on his return from medical treatment abroad.Commenting on the development on Channels Television, Senato Adeyemi said;“There was a letter written by Mai Mala Buni saying that he was travelling. And in that letter, he did transmit power to the Governor of Niger State.“As far as we are concerned in the Senate, we are not aware that Mr President gave a marching order to the acting Chairman to vacate his office.”Senator Adeyemi also said the current issue is spearheaded by people who have “one interest or the other to protect.”He added;“It is just a game. Mai Mala Buni performed excellently well, he brought in seasoned people, Governors, former Generals, statesmen, he brought them back to the APC. So today the APC is more formidable. In fact we owe him some level of gratitude.“Buni came when there was crisis in the APC, when the APC was almost collapsing. And he has succeeded to put the party together. And consolidated the party, and we are cruising to victory.”  source Those backing Governor Mai Mala Buni as Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) are “Yahoo, Yahoo Governors”, Ondo State Governor, Rotimi Akeredolu has stated. This is following the crisis rocking the party after Niger state governor, Abubakar Bello, took over from his Yobe state… In "News" NO fewer than five cases are currently before different courts on the eligibility or otherwise of Governor Mai Mala Buni holding the positions of the Chairman of the Caretaker/Extraordinary National Convention Planning Committee of the ruling All Progressives Congress and governor of Yobe State at the same time., investigation by… In "News" Emotions are running high as fresh crisis looms in the ranks of the ruling All Progressives Congress following the emergence of Governor Abubakar Sani Bello of Niger State as the new acting national chairman of the party’s Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC). The party had been polarised into factions… In "Politics"