The Muhammadu Buhari regime has so far released N10.06 billion for the construction of the Presidential Wing of the State House Clinic, Aso Villa, according to the presidency. The Permanent Secretary, State House, Tijanni Umar, made this known while giving an overview on the financial status of the project, scheduled to be completed in December. Mr Umar was speaking on Tuesday in Abuja during an oversight inspection of the project by the Senate Committee on Federal Character and Intergovernmental Affairs. He said the N416.6 million budgeted for the project in 2020 and N1.06 billion in 2021, have already been paid in full. Mr Umar indicated that out of the N20.8 billion budgeted for the project in 2022, the Buhari regime had paid N8.5 billion. He recalled that Mr Buhari had granted approval to engage Messers Julius Berger Plc to review and develop the concept design and proceed with the construction of the project as a turnkey contract. “Accordingly, on July 29, 2021, the company was instructed to proceed with the review of the concept design and other site works simultaneously, based on which a roadmap/timeline for the construction of the facility was developed. “In furtherance to this, the site was handed over to M/s JBN on 23rd August, 2021 which proceeded to undertake necessary and extensive site survey and other ancillary works paving the way for the groundbreaking and foundation laying that was performed by the Chief of Staff to the President on November 1, 2021. “It is instructive to note that the schedule of payment plan which is linked with the work plan that was negotiated with the company is in line with the advice of the Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning outlining milestones at which the client is expected to effect regular periodic payment for work done,” he said. According to him, this is in order to sustain the momentum of work and to deliver/commission the project by December 31. He, however, noted that this was yet to be fully aligned. President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the site for the construction of the Presidential Wing of the State House clinic within the precinct of the Aso Villa. Recall that the Senate Committee on Federal Character and Inter-Governmental Affairs had visited the site during its oversight function to know the level of… In "Top Stories" By Ismail Mudashir, Muideen Olaniyi, Ojoma Akor,   Francis Arinze Iloani & Abbas Jimoh  •Abba Kyari, Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari ABUJA - Despite the N13.59bn budgetary provision for the State House Clinic, Aso Rock, in the last five years under President Muhammadu Buhari, the facility appears ‘unfit’… In "Top Stories" President Muhammadu Buhari and not Nigerians is to blame for the country's poor corruption rating, according to Reno Omokri. Omokr, who's a former presidential aide to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, on Tuesday pointed out 20 reasons why President Muhammadu Buhari is responsible for Nigeria’s corruption rating. Transparency International’s had in its… In "News"