Your morning Liverpool digest as Jurgen Klopp gives Thiago update as trio miss out on West Ham match and Roy Keane claims one player has been ‘left behind’ It’s matchday at Anfield, so here’s your Liverpool FC morning digest for Saturday, March 4. Jurgen Klopp gives Thiago Alcantara injury update as Liverpool trio ruled out of West Ham test Liverpool will be without Joel Matip against West Ham United on Saturday, Jurgen Klopp has confirmed. The defender has been in stunning form recently, with his displays seeing him nominated for the Premier League Player of the Month award for February. However, he won’t face the Hammers because of illness, with the defender joining Thiago Alcantara and Roberto Firmino on the sidelines, with Klopp also confirming Curtis Jones and Naby Keita are doubts. “Strength is depth is really important, no doubt about that,” he told reporters. “Especially when you have to play different competitions. But we have players who are not available. “I’m pretty sure that nobody will tell me differently, because he didn’t trained yesterday, that Thiago will not be available for tomorrow. “Curtis is not bad but if it’s good enough to go again tomorrow, I don’t know. Joel Matip is ill. Not covid but he won’t be available. “We played a tough game midweek so we still wait a little bit to see how everyone is in each moment. “All of a sudden from eight midfielders, Naby we don’t know, to three or four midfielders in a week. That can happen easily.” Read the full story from Theo Squires HERE. Roy Keane believes £35m signing has been ‘left behind’ at Liverpool Roy Keane believes Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain’s career has stalled since leaving Arsenal for Liverpool in the summer of 2017. Oxlade-Chamberlain made the switch to Merseyside for a reported fee of £35 million after rejecting a contract extension with Arsenal. Arsenal chose to cash-in on the England international and Liverpool beat Chelsea to the signing. Jurgen Klopp converted Oxlade-Chamberlain into a midfielder after playing the majority of his Arsenal career from a wide forward position. Sunday’s Carabao Cup win now means that Oxlade-Chamberlain has won all domestic major honours available to be won, but Keane thinks the midfielder has been ‘left behind’. “Injury problems. He (Oxlade-Chamberlain) is now, what 28? His career has stalled over the last years. He has been left behind a little bit,” Keane said on ITV. “But a quality player.” Oxlade-Chamberlain was in the form of his life in 2018 as he played a huge role in Liverpool reaching the final of the Champions League, but a horrific knee injury put his career on hold. Sign up for daily Liverpool news Get all the latest Liverpool breaking news, team news, transfer rumours, injury updates plus analysis of what’s next for the Reds. You’ll also get the latest transfer talk and analysis every day for FREE! Sign up here – it only takes a few seconds! The midfielder contributed to Liverpool winning the Premier League and is still able to be relied on by Klopp. The German said of his current contract situation: “I think it is a completely normal situation. “It is about what makes sense for both sides in six or 18 months or whatever. But it is not important at all at the moment. In this moment what is important is how do you contribute when you play? That is the only thing.” Liverpool closed their training ground on Wednesday after “multiple new” coronavirus cases including a positive test result for assistant manager Pep Lijnders, throwing their League Cup semi-final at Arsenal into further doubt. Manager Jurgen Klopp and three players — Alisson Becker, Joel Matip and Roberto Firmino — were already isolating… In "News" Liverpool have completed the signing of Thiago Alcantara from Bayern Munich in a deal, which could cost the Reds up to £27 million ($35m). Jurgen Klopp’s side will pay an initial £20m ($26m), with the Spain international midfielder having signed a four-year deal. He becomes the Reds’ second signing of… In "Sports" Manchester (England) -  Marcus Rashford struck twice as Manchester United won the North West derby with a 2-1 victory over Liverpool at Old Trafford on Saturday. The victory opens up a five-point gap on their third-placed rivals. A long ball from goalkeeper David De Gea was headed on by target-man… In "Sports"