The Chairman of Air Peace Airline, Barrister Allen Onyema on Saturday urged everyone involved in the face-off between the company and Emir of Kano, Aminu Ado Bayero, to sheath their swords and embrace peace. Onyema made this call after he was presented with the Independent Newspapers Limited Businessman of the Year Award at an event held at the Eko Hotels and Suites in Lagos. The Air Peace boss, while noting that the matter is becoming an ethnicity issue, appealed to those who may be affected by the issue to let go of it and allow peace to reign. Why explaining that what happened was just a misunderstanding, he stressed Air Peace was born out of peace. “I am also a man of peace from childhood and some people are just trying to blow the issue out of proportion. “I am using this medium to appeal to everyone that is connected and involved in the matter to sheath their swords and allow peace to reign. The matter is gradually turning to an ethnicity issue we should not allow that to happen because I love my country. The Emir of Kano is my brother,” he added. He, however, thanked Independent Newspapers Limited for bestowing the award on him, saying he is elated by the fact that the company could honour him with such an award. Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State, who was awarded the Governor of the Year on Infrastructure and Urban Renewal, appreciated Independent Newspapers for the recognition, describing it as an important award from “the foremost publication in our country”. He expressed belief in the independence of the newspaper in shaping the opinion of the public, just as he disclosed that the state will continue in the path of infrastructural development. Bayelsa State Governor, Duoye Diri, who bagged the Governor of the Year Award (Good Governance and Responsive Leadership) commended INL for the award. Speaking with newsmen after receiving the award, Diri described Bayelsa as the most peaceful State in Nigeria adding that it is the hub of petroleum, oil and gas in the country. His words: “The price of crude has increased and unfortunately the reverse is the case in terms of what we receive as monthly allocation. “However, we embrace peace because of who we are as a people, we have engendered prosperity brief. We are prepared to host the world. Don’t forget that we now have an airport which is functional. “We will be silent on what we are going to do in the future. We don’t make noise but silently, we will be developing our State and continue to impart on the lives of our people.”Chairman of the occasion, Engr. Mansur Ahmed, President of Manufacturers Association of Nigeria (MAN) in his remarks, appreciated the newspaper for the opportunity given to him to chair the event. Ahmed, who was represented by the Director of MAN, Ambrose Oruche, congratulated all the awards recipients, just as he assured Independent Newspapers Limited that MAN will continue to support the media outfit. Earlier in his opening remarks, the Managing Director, Independent Newspapers Limited, Steve Omanufeme, explained that the Year 2022 Award focuses on people with exceptional performance in their chosen profession and walks of life, hence the theme “Celebrating Trailblazers.” Omanufeme explained further that the company’s board of editors embarked on a thorough and painstaking assessment exercise from which the awards recipients were selected. His added, “So today, we are here to celebrate you all for your services to Nigeria, our country, in your chosen fields. Indeed, you all have a rich resume of achievements worthy of emulation. This year’s awards are also unique because, for the first time, we decided to honour some philanthropists making a difference in our society. We are delighted to celebrate them. “These awards are just a token of our appreciation of your rich achievements and we fervently pray they motivate you to greater heights.” AS I ponder over the Emir of Kano, Air Peace tango, I could not help but remember the wisecrack by Sarah Churchwell, the 51-year-old professor of American Literature, who wrote: “People who are given whatever they want soon develop a sense of entitlement and rapidly lose their sense of proportion.”… In "News" Following escalating reputational crisis arising from the United States release of a detailed 36 page documentary allegations, detailing an extensive 27 count multiple charges of bank fraud, credit application fraud, money laundering and aggravated identity theft against Mr Allen Onyema, Chairman and CEO of Air Peace Limited and his company’s… In "Top Stories" It was stunning to read on many platforms people urging Air Peace and its chairman to adopt a gung-ho approach in missed flights by the Emir of Kano. It is unhelpful to the airline.The critical issues involved include aviation practice, a penchant for flight delays becoming a negative rap, business… In "Social Media Feeds"