President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday returned to Abuja after attending the United Nations Environmental Programme (UNEP) at 50 in Nairobi, Kenya. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the president, who initially planned to proceed to London for medical check-up, returned to Abuja on Friday at about 1.p.m. While in Kenya, the president participated in the Special Session to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the United Nation’s body. Buhari said: “As we celebrate the 50th anniversary of UNEP’s existence, we laud the efforts of UNEP and encourage broader action to overcome climate change, biodiversity, rising levels of pollution and waste being three major crises threatening our planet. The president also met with Mr Ibrahim Thiaw, Executive Secretary of the UN Convention to Combat Desertification (UNCCD) in Nairobi. During the meeting, Buhari directed collaboration between the Ministries of Environment, Water Resources, Agriculture and Rural Development and Power to combat desertification. President Muhammadu Buhari's plan to travel to UK after attending the United Nations Environmental Programme in Nairobi, Kenya has been changed. This comes after he returned to Abuja on Friday. He will now travel to UK on Sunday, March 6th, 2022. Buhari was expected to procced to the United Kingdom… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday depart Abuja for Nairobi, where he is billed to participate in the Commemoration of the 50th Anniversary of the United Nations Environmental Programme, scheduled for 3rd – 4th March 2022 in Nairobi, Kenya. He will thereafter proceed to London for routine medical checks that… In "News" Abuja   -  President Muhammadu Buhari has reaffirmed his administration's steadfast commitment to the implementation of the United Nations Environmental Programme's recommendations for the clean-up of Ogoniland and other parts of the Niger Delta damaged by crude oil spillage. The President’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba… In "News"