Actress Mercy Aigbe’s new husband, Alhaji Kazim Adeoti has come to her aid by responding to all the backlashes he has been getting since his relationship with her became official. According to Kazim Adeoti he is better than other men out there who would rather engage in extra marital affairs in disguise. Adeoti maintained that he married Mercy Aigbe wholly to keep away from fornication and keeping multiple sex partners. He wrote: “I want to use this medium to educate some people. A lot of married men out there are fornicating, keeping multiple sex partners and their wives are aware and pretending as if they don’t know. So, which one is better? to marry and do what is morally right or to fornicate? It is wrong and dangerous spiritually and health-wise. A lot of people are hypocrites. When you are bold enough to do the right thing, they complain. I know I have done the right thing. Let my wife be. Thanks.” Shortly after Aigbe’s old video emerged where she was advising young ladies to date married men and squander their money, talent manager Kara has lambasted her for misguiding the young ones who take her as their role model. For Kara, Mercy Aigbe forgot she has a daughter who might follow her footsteps and end up living the kind of life her mother mentored others to live. The wife of movie marketer Kazim Adeoti has finally broken her silence after actress Mercy Aigbe showed the man off as her new man. Funsho Adeoti said all is well. Recall that Mercy had taken to Instagram to share a series of photos of herself and Kazim. She also insinuated… In "Entertainment" Asiwaju Lanre Gentry, the ex husband Mercy Aigbe, has taken to social media to shade the Nollywood actress and her new man, Kazim Adeoti. The actress had shared a photo of herself with her boo,Kazim Adeoti, wishing him happy birthday in advance. Minutes after she shared the post, some of… In "News" Funsho Adeoti, the estranged wife of movie marketer Kazim Adeoti, the new husband of actress Mercy Aigbe, has shared a post which has got tongues wagging. Mercy has denied claims that she destroyed the once happy home of the couple just to get married to Kazim. According to her, Kazim is a Muslim… In "News"