. The American, who has been vocal about his divorce for the past few days, also spoke about how he has always been dedicated to his family. Dean said he feels betrayed over Korra’s unbothered attitude to their marital crisis. “I’m heartbroken. Anyone that knows me or watches me online knows I’m a dedicated family man to both Korra and my children. This is honestly the hardest decision of my life but necessary,” he wrote on Instagram. “I’m walking away from this marriage for my mental health and be the best version of myself. This has nothing to do with postpartum depression. I’ve been betrayed once again and she is unbothered, which pretty much summarizes our marriage.” He added that marriage is about mutuality and not “likes and view”. He also advised men to take their mental health seriously. Last Wednesday, Dean said “it’s over” between the pair. He had thereafter accused the dancer of infidelity, narcissism, and unaccountability. But in her reaction, Obidi said she would now focus on taking care of herself and her new baby. Popular reality star, Kim Kardashian, is considering divorcing her rapper husband, Kanye West. According to Page Six, a source close to the couple alleged that West’s bipolar disorder and his anti-abortion stance have taken a toll on their crumbling marriage. “Kim has the whole divorce planned out, but she’s waiting… In "News" Precious Chikwendu, a Nigerian ex-Beauty Queen and model who is also the estranged wife of the former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode has again narrated her ordeal as the wife of the former minister. She described the marriage as a violent one, adding that some persons including the leader of… In "News" A Ghanaian cosmetologist and divorcee, Claudio Wonder Magis, has revealed that he fell into depression and almost ran mad after his ex-wife cheated on him and got pregnant for another man.The reality TV star, who found love again, recounted the incident that led to him divorcing his wife, who got… In "Entertainment"