By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic party in the 2019 general election and former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar has eulogised late Emmanuel Sunny Ojeagbase, describing him as a trailblazer who left indelible marks in sports journalism and publishing, ministry and charity. Atiku said the late Ojeagbase will be best remembered for iconic titles like Complete Football Magazine, Complete Football International (CFI), International Soccer Review (ISR) and Success Digest, among others. The two-term Vice President who disclosed the condolence message via his twitter handle, prayed God to grant his soul peaceful rest to console his family, friends and fraternity of sports journalists and publishers. The tweets read: “The founder and Executive Chairman of Complete Communications Ltd, Dr Emmanuel Sunny Ojeagbase, was a trailblazer who left indelible marks in sports journalism and publishing, ministry and charity. “He will be best remembered for iconic titles like Complete Football Magazine, Complete Football International (CFI), International Soccer Review (ISR) and Success Digest, among others. He will be sorely missed.” “My deepest condolences to his family, friends and fraternity of sports journalists and publishers. May his soul rest in peace.” •Late Pastor Sunny Ojeagbase ABUJA (Press Release) - Dr. Emmanuel Sunny Ojeagbase, founder and executive chairman of Complete Communications Limited, publishers of Complete Sports newspapers, SuccessDigest and other online publications, has passed on to glory. He died on Saturday, 26 February 2022 in Atlanta, United States of America (USA) after… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar has mourned the death of Abbas Nguru, saying his death has left a vaccum in the intellectual circle of Filfulde, the educational network of pastoralism and indeed a big yawn in his rare ability to develop a variety… In "News" ABUJA - Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar on Monday reacted to the demise of foremost industrialist, Chief Molade Okoya-Thomas, saying his death is a huge blow to the community of Nigerian businessmen. Atiku, in a press statement by his media office in Abuja noted that the late Okoya-Thomas was a [pro_ad_display_adzone… In "News"