Ereyitomi says women play a vital role in Nations building and development in all sectors of the economy of the country, Dr. Ereyitomi reiterated the need for women to remain committed to advancing the role of massive mobilization for their inclusiveness as they mark this year’s International Women Day across the world. While hailing women in Warri Federal Constituency as they join their counterparts in the globe in celebrating international women’s day, the Warri federal lawmaker hailed the sustained effort put in by women in encouraging peaceful coexistence among Nigerians in their various communities, he urged them to be committed to things that will improve good morals and breed women emancipation. The lawmaker who is also the Deputy Chairman House Committee on Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC, extends his support to women assuring them of giving them a voice at the House, adding that women remain key in adding value to Warri federal constituency. Ereyitomi noted that his empowerment programmes since inception have been giving adequate support to women’s development and empowerment, he congratulated women on the occasion of the international women’s day celebration. Edeki Igafe Warri - Mr Thomas Ereyitomi of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has won the Warri Federal Constituency in the last Saturday National Assembly poll. Ereyitomi polled a total of 152,874 votes to defeat his closest rival in the contest Mr Daniel Reyenieju of the Social Democratic Party (SDP)… In "Politics" Marketplace. The telltale firefly that reveals human nature. It’s the field of fortune and the mine of misfortune. Inside the marketplace are darkroom secrets that whelp wealth. The marketplace also contrasts with the muffled yelp of poverty in the sun of missed opportunities. On a visit to the US some… In "News" By Edeki Igafe   Warri   -      Mr Michael Tidi, Chairman, Warri South Local Government Area of Delta has appealed to the people to vote enmasse for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP)-led government in the state in the forthcoming elections. Tidi made the appeal during the inauguration of… In "News"