Over 100 s3x workers who indicated interest and presented themselves to the state’s Hisbah Department will be married off by the Bauchi State government.  The Permanent Secretary in charge of the department, Alhaji Aminu Balarabe-Isah, made this known on Tuesday at the formal inauguration of vocational training for 575 repentant commercial s3x workers in Bauchi.He said the government would sponsor the weddings of both Muslim and Christian women among them, and provide them with dependable and reliable sources of livelihood.“We would facilitate the entire process after obtaining their consent and that of their parents and guardians before the marriage takes place,” he added.He commended them for taking the bold decision to renounce the practice, which may affect their lives negatively and place a permanent stigma on them.The permanent secretary explained that the repentant sex workers would be trained on vocational skills which included hairdressing, knitting, entrepreneurship, tailoring and cosmetology.He said other skills were makeup, catering, poultry/fishery, shoe/bag making, and computer literacy classes, adding that the training was in collaboration with the National Directorate of Employment.“We would expand the scope of the training to the 20 existing local government areas of the state,” he said.According to him, the day for the mass wedding will be announced after completing all necessary preparations and after ensuring that due processes are adhered to for the exercise.A trainee, receiving training in tailoring, Maryam David, described the gesture as a welcome development and assured that she would never return to her previous lifestyle again.She said she would use the knowledge acquired to establish her own business and eventually remarry to turn to a better life.Similarly, Hadiza Mohammed commended the Gov. Bala Mohammed-led administration for initiating the programme, saying, “I am learning a vocation in hairdressing and I am happy for the opportunity.“I will soon establish my own business to achieve self-sustainability, as my former way of life is regrettable and full of unnecessary risks,” she said.  (NAN) By Justina Auta Abuja - The Minister of Women Affairs, Mrs. Pauline Tallen, says the Sex Offender Register will be fully implemented to protect girls and women from sexual abuse. Tallen gave this assurance when she took a tour of the The National Centre for Women Development (NCWD), on Friday,… In "News" The anti-terror battle of the Federal Government may suffer a setback, it was learnt yesterday. The Army has raised the alarm that many repentant Boko Haram fighters are backsliding and subverting the war against the insurgents and bandits. The Theatre Commander of ‘Operation Hadin Kai’, Maj.-Gen. Christopher Musa, disclosed that… In "Features" VENTURES AFRICA – Sex workers in Zimbabwe have decided to be creative when it comes to making sure their monetary gains from the dark streets are protected, it has emerged. It is understood that they now use the popular mobile money services to get their fees using their cell-phones and smartphones.… In "Business"