Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State, says equitable distributions and access to socio-economic opportunities will ensure growth and unity in the country.  The governor made the remarks on Tuesday in Akure when he received the Executive Chairman of Federal Character Commission (FCC), Mrs Muheeba Dankaka.Akeredolu, who was represented by his Deputy, Mr Lucky Aiyedatiwa, also said that equitable distribution of opportunities would give every state and Nigerians a sense of belonging.“For the promotion of national unity, there is the need for fairness, equity and justice to give every citizen a sense of belonging.“We will continue to plead that that what belongs to us should be given to us so that we can have a sense of belonging.“By consulting widely, you will surely succeed. Let us deal fairly with every state so that all of us will have that sense of belonging. This is our country; it belongs to all of us,’’ the governor said.Earlier, Dankaka said she visited the state in continuation of the commission’s engagement with critical stakeholders towards achieving its mandate.“A state that is highly educated with vast agricultural land and desire for success will continue to play a pivotal role,’’ she said.Dankaka said that the state had a fair share of representation at federal level and assured that this would be upheld and protected.  (NAN) By Rotimi Ijikanmi Abuja -  The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, has challenged the Federal Character Commission (FCC) to enlighten Nigerians on its activities. The minister gave the challenge in Abuja on Friday when he received top officials of the commission, led by its Secretary, Malam Mahmoud… In "News" By VIctor Adeoti Osogbo - Gov. Adegboyega Oyetola of Osun has urged leadership of the Federal Character Commission(FCC) to ensure equity and fairness in the discharge of their duties. Oyetola said this while receiving the delegation of the Commission led by its Commissioner from Osun, Mr Adeoye Rasak, in his… In "Politics" Ahead the 2023 general elections, the National Secretary All Progressives Congress (APC) Aspirants Forum, (APCAF) Hon. Yusuf Sheriff Banki,has assured that the party has provided opportunities for youths to participate in governance in the country. Hon. Banki, who spoke through his Publicity Secretary, Hon. Olufemi James Urray in Abuja said… In "Politics"