Super Falcons stars, Rita Chikwelu and Rasheedat Ajibade were in action at the Copa De La Reyna. It was mixed fortunes for the Super Falcons pair as their sides suffered different fates in the Round of 16 fixture of the Spanish Copa de la Reyna. Chikwelu’s Madrid CFF defeated Espanyol away from home with the Nigerian midfielder featuring for 57 minutes of the encounter. MozzartThe capital team came from behind to snatch the game from their local rivals at the death. Espanyol raised the curtains in the 48th minute through Marianela Sczymanowski. The visitors drew level three minutes later through Geyse before grabbing the winner in the 90th minute. Ajibade was a 65th-minute substitute for Atletico Femenino in a game the Madrid-based team played second fiddle. The midfielder came on for Brazilian Ludmila Silva one minute after her team conceded the second goal. Sporting Huelva scored through Hannah Keane in the 37th minute before Mariana Ramirez doubled the hosts’ advantage four minutes after the hour mark. Both players played important roles for the Super Falcons as they pipped Cote D’Ivoire to the AWCON ticket. Jeddah (Saudi Arabia) - Real Madrid midfielder Toni Kroos scored directly from a corner kick as his side booked their place in the final of the revamped Spanish Super Cup in Saudi Arabia on Wednesday. They won 3-1 by outclassing Valencia in the competition’s semi-final match. Isco and Luka Modric… In "Sports" By Abolade Ogundimu   Abuja   -      In spite of Super Eagles’ 3-2 loss to Atletico Madrid of Spain on Tuesday, the team portends bright future for Nigeria, says Mutiu Adepoju, an ex-Super Eagles and La Liga midfielder. Adepoju made the assertion on Thursday while reflecting on the… In "Sports" Abuja -   Real Madrid’s hopes of retaining their La Liga title appeared to be fading fast as they lost in the “El Classico” on Saturday. Goals from Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi and Aleix Vidal propelled FC Barcelona to a 3-0 win, lifting them 14-points clear of their rivals in… In "Sports"