Nigerian Breweries rewarded 374 trade partners and seven transporters at its annual Distributor Awards in Abuja. The ceremony saw Ken Maduakor Group emerge as National Volume Champion and best distributor in 2021 ahead of Chrisemua and Sons Nigeria and J. Ogungbola & Sons as first-runner up and second runner-up. MDX Logistics was crowned Best Transporter for 2021. Delivering his address with the theme: “Courage to Deliver Value, Sustainably”, Nigerian Breweries Managing Director Hans Essaadi, said the event was to honour and felicitate partners for their ecellence in 2021. “This event is not only about having fun but also about recognizing our trade partners who have worked so hard. Today is not about Nigerian Breweries. It is all about our partners that of whom we are very proud. We had a fantastic year in 2021, and I am sure we will continue to succeed. 2022 is looking very bright. Today is about celebrating and recognizing our great partners”, Essaadi said In his welcome address, Sales Director, Nigerian Breweries Plc, Uche Unigwe, thanked the trade partners and transporters for what he described as their “significant contribution to Nigerian Breweries success, especially in 2021”. He promised that the company would continue to explore ways of strengthening the ongoing relationship with its trade partners. Speaking shortly after receiving the honour, the National Volume Champion, Mr Ken Maduakor, Chairman/CEO of Ken Maduakor Group Limited, commended Nigerian Breweries Plc for providing significant support to trade partners in good or tough times. Maduakor noted that despite the difficult operating environment over the last two years, since the outbreak of the COVID-19 virus, Nigerian Breweries has remained unwavering in ensuring that the trade partners and their businesses continue to thrive and prosper. In his words “I am glad for what Nigerian Breweries Plc has done to get me to where I am today. It is such a huge honour to be recognized for playing a part in improved business growth for the company. They should keep producing great brands and keep encouraging feedback from their customers. I pray the company will continue to grow and progress,” he said. Some of the gifts received by the partners include cash prizes running into millions of naira, plaques, trophies, new Mitsubishi vans, LG Smart TV, cartons of its products in large quantities, among others. The list of other awardees in different categories includes MaGulf Global Enterprises, Domaco & Bros Agency Nigeria Limited, Nathan Ofoma Sons Limited. March 24, 2018 is a date that major distributors of the Campari brand will continue to remember with so much delight as they converged at Radisson Blu Hotel, Ikeja for the 2018 Campari Nigeria Trade Partners Award. The glamorous event which was hosted by Brian Munro Limited, the sole distributor… In "Entertainment" By Prudence Arobani   New Jersey   -      Prof. Mohammed Bande,  Ambassador and Permanent Representative to the UN, said if Nigeria should tell her story, other countries would keep quiet. Bande, who stated this in New Jersey at a dinner organised by a U.S.-based Nigerian medical doctor and… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  President of the Senate, Dr. Abubakar Bukola Saraki, has called on the Government of the United States (U.S.) to take its rightful place in trade and investment relationship with the country.   Saraki made the call while addressing the United States Chamber of… In "Top Stories"