The Governor of Zamfara State, Bello Matawalle may soon lose his office as a Federal High Court has fixed April 7th for hearing into a suit seeking his removal filed by the Peoples Democratic party, PDP. This development is coming shortly after a Federal high court in Abuja sacked the Governor of Ebonyi state, Dave Umahi and his Deputy, Kelechi Igwe for defecting to the All Progressives Congress, APC from the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. Presiding Judge, Justice Inyang Ekwo, ruled that the total number of votes polled for Umahi rightfully belongs to the PDP and not the APC. However in the application filed against Matawalle, the PDP asked the court to declare the impeached Deputy Governor Mahdi Aliyu Gusau as the duly elected governor of Zamfara State. The opposition party is also asking the court to sack about 37 members of the National Assembly and the State Assembly who defected to the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). Justice Inyang Ekwo on Thursday fixed the suit following an application for joinder and the submissions of lawyers in the matter. PDP, in its originating summons, is seeking a declaration that sequel to the Supreme Court judgement of 2019 in APC and another Senator Kabiru Marafa and 179 others, only members of the PDP were entitled to hold the office of the governor and deputy governor or member of the Zamfara State House of Assembly. A lawsuit has been filed against Governor Bello Matawalle and his deputy by the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) on Monday at the Federal High Court for defecting to the ruling All Progressive Congress, APC. Also slated for removal from office is the Deputy Governor of the state, Alhaji Mahadi Aliyu… In "News" The Peoples Democratic Party has applied to have Zamfara Deputy Governor, Alhaji Mahadi Aliyu Gusau's name removed from a suit seeking to unseat him and the Governor Bello Muhammad Matawalle. The PDP made the move on Friday after approaching the Federal High Court. The party had accused the duo of… In "News" The lawsuit filed to impeach Zamfara State Deputy Governor, Alhaji Mahadi Aliyu Mohammed Gusau has been transferred to another judge by Justice Obiora Egwatu of the Federal High Court in Abuja on Friday, July 23. The judge bowed out of the case following information that a similar suit on the… In "News"