By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has sent congratulations to the former President Olusegun Obasanjo on the ocassion of his 85th birthday. In a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur, the Governor said he joined millions around the world to celebrate the former Nigerian leader who he said has “remained an epitome of greatness, an accomplished and foremost political leader here in Nigeria and globally for all seasons.” Governor Ortom thanked Obasanjo “for continually making strong impacts and interventions in numerous political issues in our dear country and elsewhere. This has no doubt built confidence among fellow countrymen and nations.” He recalled that former President Obasanjo’s “historic accomplishments as Nigeria’s President on the platform of the People’s Democratic Party, PDP are legendary. Under your Presidency, you stabilised Nigeria’s democracy, depoliticised the military, restored Nigeria’s global reputation and leadership. “You also reformed the banking sector, cleared of our debts, revolutionised the telecommunication industry just as you successfully privatetised moribund public enterprises and institutionalised the fight against corruption. To keep the country in peace, you safeguarded the lives and properties of this great African nation. Above all, you strengthened the bond of Nigeria’s unity.” Ortom said till date, Obasanjo has remained Nigeria’s most accomplished statesman” who has verified track records of achievements both nationally and internationally. Obasanjo Endorses Ortom For Second Term In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Encomiums have been pouring in as former president, Olusegun Obasanjo clocks 81 years today.   The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), whose platform Obasanjo was elected President for two terms of four years each, has congratulated former President Olusegun Obasanjo on his 81 years… In "Top Stories" By Olawale Jokotoye     Abeokuta   -     Former governor of Sokoto State, Alhaji Attahiru Bafarawa, on Sunday visited former President Olusegun Obasanjo to seek his (Obasanjo) blessings over his presidential ambition in 2019. Bafarawa, who led a delegation of his campaign group to Obasanjo in Abeokuta, told the elder statesman… In "News"