Oil prices rebounded on Thursday after the United Arab Emirates said it is committed to major producers’ pact to add 400,000 barrels per day of supply monthly, hours after UAE’s ambassador to Washington said his country favoured a bigger increase. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures jumped more than $3 shortly after opening and were trading up $1.53, or 1.4%, at $110.23 at 2324 GMT. The contract had tumbled 12.5% in the previous session in the biggest daily decline since November. UAE Energy Minister Suhail al-Mazrouei said on Twitter late on Wednesday his country is committed to the agreement by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and allies, together called OPEC+, to ramp up oil supply gradually following sharp cuts in 2020. “The UAE believes in the value OPEC+ brings to the oil market,” al-Mazrouei said. read more His comments came just hours after prices slumped on comments by UAE’s ambassador to Washington that his country will be encouraging OPEC to consider higher output to fill the supply gap due to sanctions on Russia after it invaded Ukraine. Russia calls its incursion a “special operation” to disarm its neighbour. read more While UAE and Saudi Arabia have spare capacity, some other OPEC+ producers are struggling to meet their output targets due to underinvestment in infrastructure over the past few years, which will limit their ability to lift output further. “We think it will be challenging for OPEC+ to boost production in this environment,” Commonwealth Bank commodities analyst Vivek Dhar said. Moscow - OPEC’s Joint Ministerial Monitoring Committee (JMMC) may discuss new metrics for the global oil cuts deal when it convenes in Abu-Dhabi on Sept. 12, TASS cited OPEC Secretary-General Mohammad Barkindo as saying on Monday. The group, known as OPEC+, uses certain targets, or metrics, for its deal, such… In "Foreign" Abu Dhabi - Oman said on Monday that the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and allied oil producers could extend a deal to limit crude supply but may not consider deepening cuts. Oman’s energy minister Mohammed bin Hamad al-Rumhy said this while speaking with reporters at an energy… In "Foreign" The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has reiterated its commitment to abide by the output cut agreement of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and its allies aimed at stabilizing the global oil market.The Group Managing Director of NNPC, Mallam Mele Kyari, stated this Wednesday while speaking at… In "News"