The Deputy Inspector-General and the head of the Nigeria Police Force Criminal Investigation Department (FCID), according to Sahara Reporters died inside his office in Abuja in the late hours of Tuesday, 8th of March.  Until his death, Egbunike was in charge of the highest investigating arm of the Nigeria Police. Its functions include investigation and prosecution of serious and complex criminal cases within and outside the country. The department also coordinates crime investigations/prosecution throughout the force. Egbunike had, in late 2021, investigated suspended police chief, Abba Kyari, but did not indict him despite indictments by the United States’ Federal Bureau of Investigation. In July, Egbunike also faced contempt following the alleged disobedience of the order of the Federal High Court, Enugu Judicial Division. Egbunike graduated from the University of Nsukka with BSc in Accounting. He also had a Bachelor of Law, a master’s in International Relations and a PhD in Criminology.  source •Late DIG Joseph Egbunike ABUJA - Tragedy has befallen the Nigeria Police Force following the sudeen death of Deputy Inspector General of Police (DIG) in-charge of the Force Criminal Investigations Department, Joseph Egbunike. Egbunike, who hailed from Onitsha, Anambra State, reportedly slumped and died in his office in Abuja in the… In "Top Stories" Justice Inyang Ekwo of a Federal High Court Abuja on Monday directed that the order he made on November 5 be served on the Inspector-General of Police, Usman Alkali Baba, Attorney General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami (SAN) and four others. The PUNCH reported that the court had on November… In "News" Months after receiving the report of the probe panel on the alleged role of the suspended Head of the Intelligence Response Team, DCP Abba Kyari, the Inspector-General of Police, Baba Usman, has not forwarded any disciplinary recommendations to the Police Service Commission, Saturday PUNCH has learnt. Recall that Kyari was… In "Top Stories"