As many as 250,000 excess of coronavirus cases have been confirmed, while over 3,000 deaths were recorded within the last two years in Nigeria.  The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) made this known in a statement, noting that Nigeria had learnt major lessons in its bid to strengthen its health system to cope with other infectious diseases and future health emergencies.“This makes it critical to learn from lessons taught by this pandemic to strengthen preparedness and response to other diseases in line with our mandate. We have continued to face outbreaks of cholera and Lassa fever concurrently with the COVID-19 pandemic.”According to the report, February 27 marked exactly two years since the first case of coronavirus disease was detected in Nigeria. The NCDC said coronavirus still remained a global reality with the risk of emergence of dangerous variants despite the prevailing pandemic fatigue.NCDC asserted that it was building on lessons from responding to the pandemic in the last two years to strengthen health security in the country.“We all have the responsibility to encourage and continue to hold authorities accountable to sustain interest and investment in healthcare in general and particularly for health security,” the statement added.  Source The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), has reported 120 additional infections of COVID-19 from 10 states of the federation and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) with three related deaths as of Oct. 29, 2021. The NCDC disclosed this in its daily COVID-19 report on Saturday morning . The News… In "News" •Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State The hostile attitude adopted by the Kogi State Government towards the fight against the coronavirus (COVID-19) has become a terrible national embarrassment. This hostile attitude has a history that dates back to the inception of the national response to the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic.  Historically… In "column - Friday" The emergence of Omicron variant of COVID-19 pandemic in November 2021 has once again generated apprehension (like its Delta variant counterpart) in global public health circles with palpable disruptive impact on international air travels. Prior to the emergence of Omicron variant first identified in South Africa, the World Health Organisation… In "column - Friday"