At least 20 lawyers have expressed desire to defend the suspended DCP Abba Kyari.  Musa Shafiu, a legal practitioner, told newsmen on Wednesday, on behalf of other lawyers. He said the lawyers are ready to defend Kyari in a suit filed by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA). He added that the team is made up of four senior advocates of Nigeria who represented Kyari and his co-defendant in the trial which would commence before Justice Emeka Nwite of a Federal High Court, Abuja.“We should recall that DCP Abba Kyari, in a motion filed before Justice Inyang Ekwo of Federal High Court sitting in Abuja denied the allegation linking him to an international drug cartel by the NDLEA.“He filed the motion to seek for the enforcement of his fundamental rights.“He said he was ready to appear in court to answer any charge against him because the allegation upon which he was arrested and detained is a trump-up allegation without sufficient proof,” Shafiu said. The lawyer said the decision to support Kyari, formerly the head of Inspector-General of Police Special Intelligence Response Team (IRT), was also premised on the sacrifices the suspended DCP had made for the country in the area of security. He said Kyari has distinguished himself in areas of serving his father’s land as a police officer, with the arrest of many high-profile criminals across the country. He said his “good work and dedication to the country is far more than his shortcoming.” The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the NDLEA, through its Director, Prosecution and Legal Services, Joseph Sunday, had, on Monday, arraigned Kyari, alongside six others, including four suspended officers of IRT, on eight-count charge. Kyari, who denied his involvement in counts one, two, three, four, and eight of the charges preferred against him, is facing trial on drug-related offences. The other four members of the IRT, in the charge, marked FHC/ABJ/57/2022, who pleaded not guilty to the counts, include ACP Sunday J. Ubia, ASP Bawa James, Insp. Simon Agirigba and Insp. John Nuhu. Chibunna Patrick Umeibe and Emeka Alphonsus Ezenwanne, the two alleged drug traffickers that were arrested at the Akanu Ibiam International Airport in Enugu, are defendants who pleaded guilty to the counts levelled against them.  source A Federal High Court, Abuja, on Tuesday, granted the request by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) permission to further detain suspended Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) Abba Kyari for 14 days on allegations bordering on drug trafficking. The NDLEA, in an ex-parte application moved before Justice Zainab Abubakar,… In "News" National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA)’s objection to take the bail application of suspended Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) Abba Kyari has been rejected by a Federal court on Thursday. This is as Kyari tries to secure his bail from NDLEA custody. The Federal High Court, Abuja, on Thursday, rejected… In "News" The PUNCH reports that a Federal High Court, Abuja, on Monday, refused to grant the bail application of suspended Deputy Commissioner of Police, DCP Abba Kyari. Justice Inyang Ekwo, in a ruling, said the application had been overtaken by events following an order of a sister court, granting the National… In "News"