By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – As Nigeria joins the rest of the world to mark the 2022 International Women’s Day, FIDA Nigeria has canvassed for total inclusiveness and equal access at all levels to all key things of importance in life such as education, health, work opportunities for women. FIDA emphatically stated that effective participation of women in decision- making and the empowerment of women must be priority for all if gender equality must be achieved. This was the position of FIDA as contained in a statement signed by the Country Vice President/National President, Mrs. Amina Suzanah Agbaje and the National Publicity Secretary, Christiana Oyanvutu Adejumo made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja. The theme of this year’s International Women’s Day is: “Gender equality today for a sustainable tomorrow” and FIDA Nigeria says it recognizes the important contribution of women and girls around the world, who are leading the charge on climate change adaptation, politics, mitigation, and the response to building a more sustainable future for all, and therefore commends the efforts made so far and calls for more progressive efforts in Nigeria. Recall that currently, women occupy just about four percent of all the national assembly seats — eight of the 109 seats at the senate and 11 of the 360 seats at the house. This disparity is acknowledged and unpardonable, so we continue the struggle to create gender equality among the citizens in governance. FIDA envisions a nation where everyone is carried along, given equal opportunities, rights and benefits, a nation where everyone is opportune, without discrimination, to play any key roles they desire based on their strengths and merit. Ruth Bader Ginsburg once said, Women belong in all places where decisions are being made. It shouldn’t be that women are the exception. When women are empowered as decision-makers and leaders, the people and nation benefit. Thus, there is the strong need to have more allocation of spaces and opportunities for women’s inclusion, in order to bring better attention to germaine issues that uniquely affect them, and to by so doing, change the negative attitudes towards gender-based issues. In addition, due to the negative socio-economic impact of climate change and its impact on livelihood women and girls are burden bearers and suffer the most. We therefoy shout out the need to come together to break all cultural, traditional and religious bias against women’s inclusiveness so to enable full women’s participation. Part of activities by FIDA to commemorate the IWD 2022, was amongst other things, the hosting of a webinar to discuss:“Gender Equality, where we are and a sustainable tomorrow.” FIDA Nigeria also commends the recent recommendation by the Joint Senate and House Committees on Constitution Review to create additional Seats for Women at National and State Houses of Assembly, urging Sustained Action by Civil Society Groups on Its Ratification & Assent into Law. FIDA said it will continue to work to support credible, hardworking, meritorious women to break the glass ceiling in their respective spheres of operation.We call for a greater gender balance, all round, at all levels and in all its ramifications, as we assure all of the great benefits that will accrue to our communities and our nation.Empowered women empower the world. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The 2019 International Federation of Women Lawyers (FIDA) Africa Regional Congress which started on the 11th of October came to a colorful end on 15th October, 2019 with a dinner and award night held at the Transcorp Hilton Hotel, Abuja. Earlier before the… In "Top Stories" The International Federation of Women Lawyers (FIDA) Nigeria joins the rest of the world to celebrate International Women’s Day 2019. As an organisation with a mandate to promote, protect and preserve the rights of women and children in Nigeria, March 8th is always a special day for them, they said.… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The International Federation of Women Lawyers (FIDA) says in spite of the ongoing efforts to promote same opportunities in all areas for the sexes, gender equality has not been attained by any country of the world. The Chairperson of the Lagos Chapter of FIDA, Mrs Philomena… In "Top Stories"