…vows to take Isi Uzo youths off drugs and alcoholism By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The newly sworn in Executive Chairman of Isi Local Government Area in Enugu State, Barrister Obiorah Obeagu has promised that his immediate priority would be to rehabilitate the teeming youths of the various communities who have taken to drugs due to the frustration of unemployment. He disclosed that he would also seek partnerships with the state and Federal Government as well as national and international intervention agencies to actualise the initiative of taking Isi Uzo youths off drugs and alcoholism. Barrister Obeagu who unfolded his agenda while addressing the indigenes, traditional rulers and the Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP) members from the various communities in the local government said he would do that by engaging the unemployed graduates into skills acquisition programmes so that upon graduation they would be encouraged to go into small scale enterprises rather than idling away waiting for employment that were never available. “I am not happy that majority of our youths with great potentials are wasting away. Many of our educated youths are roaming about unemployed and are being ravaged by poverty. ” We are losing our youths to drugs and crimes and this is no longer acceptable ” he stressed adding, ” in absence of white collar jobs, our youths can be self reliant and responsible entrepreneurs making millions through small and medium scale enterprises”. The new chairman further stated that his administration was poised to build partnerships and implement programmes aimed at building capacities among the youths of the local government to help them take hold of their future. Barrister Obeagu equally declared that his regime will deliberately give serious attention to education because according to him, education remained critical tool for laying good foundation for the future of any society. He regretted that many indigent and intelligent pupils in the local government were out of school due the inability of their parents to provide learning materials for them and promised that his administration would ensure that every child got enrolled in school no matter the challenges confronting them. By Ifeoma Aka Enugu  -   The Chairman, Enugu State House of Assembly Committee on Youths and Sports, Nelson Uduji, has said that the state government is determined to develop talents in various sporting activities. Uduji, representing Agwu state constituency, made this known at Chief Edward Ubosi, the Speaker of… In "News" By Nicholas ObisikeEnugu - WaterAid Nigeria has inaugurated the year 2020 with Borehole project at the Ugwuaji Nike axis and other communities of Enugu State. This was disclosed to News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Enugu on Saturday, by Mr Christopher Ogbu, the coordinator of the Small Towns Water and… In "News" By George Edomwonyi Auchi - The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) on Wednesday called for cooperation among relevant agencies in the fight against drug abuse among Nigerian youths. The NDLEA Commander in Edo, Mr Buba Wakawa, made the call in Auchi at the maiden Drug Awareness Quiz Competition for… In "Metro"