By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Chairman of Langtang South local government area, Plateau State, Vincent Venmark has debunked the claim that he assaulted the former Chairman of Langtang North, Hon. Joshua Ubandoma. Venmark said Resettlement Day celebration which the former Chairman planned to destroy, was still a success despite the conspiracy planned by Ubandoma and his supporters. “I did not desecrate the revered Resettlement Day celebration held last Saturday in my Local Government Area. As the chief security officer of the area, I took positive steps to manage a situation which was set to disrupt the celebration”, he said. It would be recalled that Venmark was said to have attacked his Langtang North counterpart Joshua Ubandoma at the event held at Sabon Gida, Langtang south over a sitting arrangement and the altercation led to the disruption of the event. But Venmark explained the day was a success despite the initial challenge as the situation was handled and funds raised beyond the expected figure. Speaking with journalists at his residence in Jos, Tuesday, he said, “The Remembrance Day has been holding in the last 74 years, I am a Chairman of the local government area. I was at the venue very early to receive people. After then, the former chairman of Langtang North came and he was asked to sit with the people but he refused and wanted to sit where he was not asked to sit. “He also went and collected the microphone and started saying PDP, as if he came for a rally. When I saw what he was doing, I said, you can’t do this here, and I sent him out of the podium. “They started throwing stones, sand and bottles, but I asked my people to calm down. However, the event was a success because after they left, we continued. “We wanted N10.5m, we got almost N28m that day after they left. I will not ask my people to do what is not good, I am a man of peace”, the LG boss said. Abuja - The Chairman of Langtang North Local Government Area of Plateau state, Joshua Ubandoma, has cried out that terrorists have infiltrated the council area and that of the Lantang South LGA inhabited by the Tarok ethnic nationality. He expressed fears that the intention was to attack the people. The… In "Top Stories" By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The resort to self-help by Hon. Joshua Ubandoma and his supporters the PDP, by destroying part of the main gate leading to Langtang North Local Government Area is an act of criminality; and if Ubandoma is being prosecuted for it, then he should… In "News" Plateau State Election Appeal Tribunal on Friday, declared Mr. Ubandoman Joshua-Laven, of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) as the elected chairman of Langtang North Local Government in the Oct. 10, 2018 Poll. Justice Arum Ashom, Chairman of the tribunal, made the declaration in a more than eight hours judgment on… In "Politics"