The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) has announced the suspension of the implementation of the vehicle identification number (VIN) valuation policy.  Recall that the police was recently introduced on imported vehicles. This was confirmed in a circular released on Monday March 7 by Hamza Gummi, assistant comptroller general of customs in charge of tariff and trade. From today, Tuesday, March 8, 2022, the NCS approved a one-month window to enable the clearing agents to clear a backlog of vehicles held up in the port as a result of the strike action embarked upon by clearing agents over the e-valuation policy. The clearing agents had alleged that the NCS used the e-valuation system to hike duties on imported vehicles arbitrarily. Area controllers have been directed to monitor the transition period to ensure that manual assessments are in full compliance with extant laws. The circular read; “Sequel to the recent Customs, stakeholders town hall meeting held in Lagos on the VIN-Valuation, the comptroller general of Customs (CGC), Col. Hameed Ali (rtd), having listened to public outcry, has graciously approved one month window to enable clearing the backlog of vehicles, held up in the ports as a result of the strike action.“Meanwhile, you are requested to ensure the uniform application of rebates for all vehicles using the correct values for your assessments.“The VIN-valuation protocol is still in operation as reviews and updates are being captured in our system to reflect these adjustments.“Area Controllers are expected to monitor this transition period and ensure manual assessments are in full compliance with extant laws. This grace period is for one month, beginning from Tuesday 8 Mar 22.”  source LAGOS - Mr Peters Olugboye, Deputy Comptroller, Tin-can Island Container Terminal (TICT), on Wednesday said that the 35 per cent duty already paid by some stakeholders on imported vehicles would not be refunded.Olugboye made the assertion in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos in spite… In "Business" The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) generated over N2.5 trillion revenue between January and November this year, The Nation learnt yesterday. NCS National Public Relation Officer, Timi Bomadi said, the agency was given N1.679 trillion revenue target for this year, based on its last year’s performance. Addressing reporters at a press… In "News" Lagos  - The Comptroller-General, Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), Retired Col. Hameed Ali, said on Tuesday that the service had a revenue shortfall of N230 billion in the last quarter of 2015. Ali made the disclosure during a Consultative Forum between Customs and the Manufacturers Association of Nigeria (MAN) held at… In "Business"