The Awo-Omanma, Imo State, country home of Prof George Obiozor, the President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo has been set ablaze by gunmen. The gunmen stormed the house of the Igbo leader located in Oru East Local Government Area of Imo State in the early hours of Saturday (today). The attackers who came in vehicles threw explosive devices at the house. It was learnt that Obiozor was not at home when his house was attacked. A source said, “The country home of Prof George Obiozor was burnt. The CCTV cameras captured the attack. Thank God Prof was not at home when they came.” Obiozor had yet to respond to an inquiry concerning the attack but one of the leaders of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, who prefers anonymity, said that he had called Obiozor to commiserate with him on the incident. He called on the police to fish out those who carried out this arson. The police spokesperson in the state, Micheal Abattam, had yet to respond to an inquiry concerning the attack on Obiozor’s country home. The attack on Obiozor’s country home came the same night the Umuguma Divisional Police Headquarters in the Owerri West LGA of the state was burnt with two police constabularies killed and cars burnt. (Journalist101) A former Nigerian ambassador to the United States, Israel and Cyprus, Prof. George Obiozor, has emerged the President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo. Obiozor emerged in an election held at Dan Anyim Stadium in Owerri, the Imo State capital. This was even as other candidates for the position boycotted the election. Chief… In "News" Southeast governors on Sunday said the legal framework for Ebube Agu has been set in motion. They directed attorneys-general of the five states to propose laws to give the outfit a legal teeth. “The attorneys-general and commissioners for Justice of the Southeast states have been directed to work with the… In "News" Enugu - One of the top contenders for the Ohanaeze Ndigbo President General position, Prof. George Obiozor is up again on his feet after slumping at the Imeobi meeting of the organisation Sunday afternoon.His quick recovery from what was said to be exhaustion has brought calm in Imo State and… In "News"