By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Presidential candidate of the People’s Democratic Party in the 2019 general election and former Vice President Alhaji Atiku Abubakar has written to political leaders in Nigeria informing that he will on Wednesday, 23rd March, 2022 declare formally for 2023 presidential race on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Recall that Atiku campaign group led by High Chief Raymond Dokpesi have engaged in wide consultations with all relevant stakeholders within and outside the party on his intention to contest. In a letter which was sent to political leaders and sighted by newsmen on Sunday in Abuja, the declaration event has been slated for Wednesday, 23rd day of March, 2022 in Abuja at 11.00am. The ex-Vice President is currently the leading presidential aspirant in the opposition Peoples Democratic Party. The letter which was signed by the chairman, Technical Committee of the Atiku 2023 Presidential Project, High Chief Raymond Dokpesi, reads in part: “It is with great delight and respect that the Technical Committee, TEECOM cordially invites you to the official declaration for the Office of the President, Federal Republic of Nigeria, 2023 by His Excellency, Atiku Abubakar, GCON, Wazirin Adamawa, Vice President, Federal Republic of Nigeria (1999-2007). “The historic event will hold at the International Conference Centre, Abuja on Wednesday, March 23, 2022 at 11AM. Your presence will certainly add colour to the event as we expect your presence at the ceremony.” It would be recalled that a few hours after the Office of the National Organizing Secretary of the PDP, commenced sale of nomination forms for all elective offices in the 2023 general election last week, a group, North-East Business Forum, stormed the party’s secretariat and obtained the Presidential expression of interest and nomination forms for the former Vice President at a combined sum of N40 million. Sundiata Post recalls that Atiku Abubakar who is well known across political parties as a master-political strategist and political heavyweight, came a narrow second behind the incumbent president Muhammadu Buhari who won the 2019 presidential election. Abuja - Former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar, has faulted the call on the Peoples Democratic Party to zone its presidential ticket to a particular region of the country, adding that the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria does not recognise it. This is as he expressed optimism that the… In "Top Stories" •Atiku Abubakar ABUJA - A broad-based political alliance involving eminent leaders and chieftains of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) across the six geopolitical zones is being put together with a two-pronged agenda, one of which is to neutralise the hold of former Vice President and presidential candidate of the… In "Politics" Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar has broken his silence over reports that he's considering contesting for the 2023 presidential election. He enjoined the leadership of All Progressives Congress (APC) and the Presidency to seek ways of solving the problems they created for Nigerians instead of focusing on him. The former… In "Politics"