Ambassador Bianca Ojukwu, wife of late Ikemba Nnewi, Chief Emeka Odumegwu- Ojukwu, the eternal leader of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA has congratulated Prof Chukwuma Soludo on his swearing-in as the Governor of Anambra State. Bianca as she is popularly called, in a post on her Facebook page on Thursday described the inauguration as “liberation day for Anambra State.” Her reaction is coming after she engaged in a fight with the wife of the out-gone governor of Anambra State, Mrs Ebelechukwu Obiano. Mrs Obiano, who many said came set for a fight had allegedly approached Mrs Ojukwu at the front row of the event, where she was seated close to the out-gone governor, Chief Willie Obiano and Chief Peter Obi, former governor and Mrs Margaret Obi. Mrs Obiano allegedly rained abuses on her, causing Mrs Bianca Ojukwu to smack her in the face while she (Mrs Obiano) held and drew Ojukwu’s hair before security operatives separated both women. However, shortly after the celebration, Bianca wrote. “It’s Liberation Day, and today we sing the Redemption Song. Anambra will be better!” “Now I know just how those Israelites felt on the day they took those tentative first steps out of the land of Egypt….Just the sheer excitement and anticipation of liberation, the long-awaited return to the promised land must have kept them awake through that night. “This is the Day the Lord has made…a day that reaffirms the age-long truth that no-one holds the stage forever. I thank the Almighty for keeping us all alive to witness this day. She added that a more dynamic and progressive Anambra is achievable.“To Him be the glory. It was long in coming, but it’s finally here.“Yes indeed….WE ARE THE BARRACKS!” she added. •Prof. Soludo being sworn-in as Anambra Governor . . . Thursday morning in Awka  AWKA - Anambra State’s new governor, Professor Chukwuma Charles Soludo, has expressed disappointment over the ugly incident that threatened to mar his inauguration, this morning at the Agu-Awka Government House in Awka, the state capital. Ebelechukwu,… In "Top Stories" •Anambra State Governor’s wife, Mrs. Ebelechukwu Obiano AWKA - Wife of the Anambra State Governor, Mrs. Ebelechukwu Obiano, has denied social media reports that she invoked thunder on the wife of late Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu’s wife, Bianca Ojukwu, for calling out her husband, Governor Willie Obiano, over his inability… In "Politics" Fielding Barr (Mrs.) Bianca Olivia Odinaka-Onoh Odumegwu-Ojukwu as the Senatorial Candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) for Anambra South Senatorial District and her possible popular emergence as Senator-Elect for the District in the 2019 National Assembly Election in Nigeria will go down in history as the only correct… In "Opinion"