The U.S. has offered Ukrainians in the country temporary humanitarian protection from deportation due to Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine.  The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) said the designation of Ukraine for Temporary Protected Status for 18 months.It means Ukrainians who have lived in the U.S. since March 1 can apply for work permits and deportation protections. Those who travel to the U.S. after March 1, will not be eligible.“Russia’s premeditated and unprovoked attack on Ukraine has resulted in an ongoing war, senseless violence, and Ukrainians forced to seek refuge in other countries.“In these extraordinary times, we will continue to offer our support and protection to Ukrainian nationals in the United States,” said Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas.The DHS said the designation scheme is designed to protect those from countries where there was ongoing armed conflict, environmental disasters or extraordinary and temporary conditions.Ukraine’s designation was due to the “full-scale Russian military invasion into Ukraine, which marks the largest conventional military action in Europe since World War II, the DHS noted.“This invasion has caused a humanitarian crisis with significant numbers of individuals fleeing and damage to civilian infrastructure.“It has left many without electricity or water, no access to food, basic supplies, shelter, and emergency medical services,” DHS stated.Some 30,000 Ukrainians in the U.S. could benefit from the status change, the Migration Policy Institute, a non-partisan think tank, estimates.  (NAN) GENEVA (AFP) – At least 285,000 people have fled their homes because of the conflict in eastern Ukraine, the United Nations said Tuesday, warning that intensified battles could lead to a “massive exodus”. Local Ukrainian authorities have so far registered some 117,000 people flooding out of the east to other… In "Foreign" LVIV, Ukraine, March 4 (Reuters) - A fire broke out in a training building at the largest nuclear power plant in Europe during intense fighting between Russian and Ukrainian forces, Ukraine's state emergency service said on Friday. U.S. Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm said there was no indication of elevated radiation… In "Top Stories" Two days in, the Russian offensive appeared to be stymied by stiffer-than-expected resistance from highly motivated Ukrainian armed forces. Despite an overwhelming advantage in manpower and equipment, the Russian advance lost some of its momentum Friday and the quick victory Russian President Vladimir Putin was counting on is no longer… In "Foreign"