Tragedy struck on Saturday in Sokoto as an industrial fire at BUA cement factory resulted in the death of three persons, while three others were injured. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that other equipment and other valuables had also been destroyed by the inferno. Eyewitnesses also said the fire was quenched by combined efforts of Federal and State fire services working with the internal fire service department in the factory. An interim situation information indicated that the inferno is suspected to be caused by an uploading fuel tanker. A source confided in NAN that a worker was repairing a stationed tank when the explosion ignited. The source said three persons died and three others sustained injuries as result of the incident which was said to have overpowered the company’s safety officers. When contacted, the Fire Prevention Officer of Sokoto State Fire Service, Mr Nuhu Lawal, confirmed the incident, saying that they mobilised teams, as well as moved fire fighting equipment to the location. Lawal declined further comments, stressing that the combined teams are still making efforts to put out the fire. Meanwhile, Mr Umar Nura-Sifawa, an official of the Federal Fire Service in Sokoto, who was also at the scene, said,”it is an ‘oil fire’ which takes longer period to extinguish”. Nura-Sifawa said the combined teams are trying to stop the fire from spreading to other areas beside oil compartments. (NAN, with additional reports by Channels TV) By Oluwafunke Ishola Sokoto -   Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Thursday called for a reduction in the price of cement, while inaugurating the 350 million dollars BUA Cement Plant at Kalambaina, Sokoto State. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the 1.5 million metric tonnes per annum cement… In "News" New Delhi   -      At least 10 people were killed and several others injured, some of them critically Wednesday after fire broke out inside a firecrackers factory in southern Indian state of Telangana, officials said. Confirming the news, Warangal District Collector said that dozens of people have been injured in the… In "Foreign" BUA Cement has signed an agreement with Sinoma CBMI of China for the construction of three new cement plants of three million tonnes each per annum, a project valued at $1.05bn. A statement by the company on Tuesday stated the plants would be located in Edo, Sokoto and Adamawa states… In "News"