Ambassador Bianca Ojukwu has given account of what happened yesterday, Thursday, March 17 with regard to the fight incident involving her and Mrs. Ebelechukwu Obiano, wife of Chief Willie Obiano, the immediate past governor of Anambra State. The fight took place during the inauguration of Professor Chukwuma Soludo as the new governor of the state. Initial reports said it was Mrs. Obiano that first slapped Bianca but the former ambassador and one-time beauty queen confirmed video evidence that it was her who first slapped her when provoked.Bianca, who spoke about the incident while appearing on Arise TV on Friday, claimed that Mrs. Obiano was drunk and came to abuse her, which prompted her own reaction. The Witness newspaper, which said it monitored the interview, quoted Bianca, wife of late Igbo legend, Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu-Ojukwu, as saying: “I didn’t pay any attention to her arrival. Surprisingly, she then walked towards me and I thought she was coming to greet me. Instead she verbally attacked me with her voice raised, taunting me and asking me what I was there to do, using unprintable, vile language. “She asked if I had come to celebrate their last day in office but I ignored her completely. Then she kept on aggressively putting her hand on my shoulders and shouting. “While I ignored her verbal onslaught as advised by people sitting around me, I requested twice that she refrains from touching me with her hands. She proceeded to do so yet again and tried to touch my head and remove my head tie. It was at this point I stood up to defend myself and gave her a dirty slap to stop her from attacking me. As she made towards me, I then pulled away her wig, she then held on to her wig with her two hands and tried to take the wig away from me. “The former APGA chairman, Victor Umeh, told her to leave me and told everyone to leave. I was stunned by the stench of whisky in her breath at such an early hour of the day. “How could the first lady be so drunk at that time? I stayed back to watch the ceremony till the end and left with my dignity intact”. •Mrs Ebelechukwu Obiano (left) and Ambassador Bianca Onoh Ambassador Bianca Ojukwu, wife of late Ikemba Nnewi, Chief Emeka Odumegwu- Ojukwu, the eternal leader of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA has congratulated Prof Chukwuma Soludo on his swearing-in as the Governor of Anambra State. Bianca as she is popularly called,… In "Top Stories" •Former Anambra First Lady, Ebele Obiano, in the middle of the brawl on Thursday AWKA - The Obi of Awka Ancient Kingdom, His Imperial Majesty, the Eze Uzu III of Awka, Obi Austin Ndigwe, has said during the governorship election campaign of the immediate past Governor of Anambra State, Willie… In "Top Stories" •Prof. Soludo being sworn-in as Anambra Governor . . . Thursday morning in Awka  AWKA - Anambra State’s new governor, Professor Chukwuma Charles Soludo, has expressed disappointment over the ugly incident that threatened to mar his inauguration, this morning at the Agu-Awka Government House in Awka, the state capital. Ebelechukwu,… In "Top Stories"