Manchester City outclassed Manchester United to maintain control of the Premier League title race with an outstanding display at Etihad Stadium. City remain six points clear of Liverpool having played one game more after a victory that was arguably even more convincing than the scoreline suggests. Ralf Rangnick’s side were without injured Cristiano Ronaldo and Edinson Cavani, as well as Raphael Varane and Luke Shaw, who have Covid-19, and found themselves overwhelmed by the quality and intensity of the reigning champions. Kevin de Bruyne was at the heart of it all. He put City ahead with a crisp early finish then restored their lead before half-time after Jadon Sancho put United level with precise low strike, the Belgian’s second hammered home in a goalmouth scramble. City turned up the tempo after the break and got the goal their vast superiority deserved after 68 minutes when Riyad Mahrez met De Bruyne’s corner on the half-volley to beat United keeper David de Gea. The goal came via a deflection off United captain Harry Maguire, who endured a nightmare afternoon. It got even better for City in the closing moments when Mahrez raced clear to beat De Gea, the goal being given after a lengthy VAR check for offside Manchester (UK) - Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola needed only 15 minutes in training to get the tactical changes which led to Tuesday’s 3-1 win over Manchester United, playmaker Kevin De Bruyne said. The 3-1 win was in the League Cup semi-finals on Tuesday. Guardiola opted to play without a… In "Sports" Abuja -   Brazilian striker Gabriel Jesus scored twice as Manchester City crushed Liverpool 5-0 in the English Premier League at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday. Of course, it was going to end up this way with the visitors forced to play the second half down to 10 men for… In "Sports" Newcastle (UK) - Kevin de Bruyne’s first half penalty kick and a superb strike by Raheem Sterling after the break earned holders Manchester City a comfortable 2-0 win away at Newcastle United on Sunday. The win, in the weekend’s last FA Cup quarter-final, was the result of Manchester City’s domination.… In "Sports"