Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar will officially declare his 2023 presidential ambition on Wednesday. In a statement titled: “2023: Atiku declares intention to run for President,” issued by his media office on Sunday, the ex-Vice President said he would declare his 2023 aspiration at the International Conference Centre, Abuja. Abubakar was the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) presidential candidate in the 2019 election. A group of businessmen from the North under the auspices of the North-East Business Forum had last week purchased the PDP nomination and expression of interest forms for the Adamawa-born politician. The statement read: “After several months of consultations with stakeholders across the country and in the Diaspora, as well as all organs of the Peoples Democratic Party, Nigeria’s former Vice President and presidential candidate of the PDP in the 2019 election, Atiku Abubakar, will officially declare his intent to run for the 2023 presidential election on Wednesday, March 23, 2022. “The event which will have Atiku Abubakar’s friends, associates, political leaders, party faithful and supporters in attendance will take place at the International Conference Centre, Abuja at 11:00 a.m. “His official declaration kick-starts the former Vice President’s participation in the race for the presidential ticket of the PDP ahead of the next year’s general election.” By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Presidential candidate of the People’s Democratic Party in the 2019 general election and former Vice President Alhaji Atiku Abubakar has written to political leaders in Nigeria informing that he will on Wednesday, 23rd March, 2022 declare formally for 2023 presidential race on the… In "Top Stories" A former campaign spokesman for ex-Vice President, Atiku Abubakar has kicked against him becoming Nigeria's President in 2023. Kassim Afegbua added that his former boss should not be trusted with the Peoples Democratic Party’s presidential ticket for the 2023 general elections. He said the party could not afford to make… In "News" A Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) support group, known as the PDP Action 2023, has advised former vice president Atiku Abubakar not to contest for the 2023 presidential election. The group’s Chairman, Mr Rufus Omeire, gave the advice in a statement issued in Abuja on Wednesday. The group advised Abubakar to… In "News"