Daily Post reports that some Nigerians in war-torn Ukraine have rejected the Federal Government’s offer to evacuate them, insisting that it was more dangerous to return home.  As of Saturday morning, nearly a thousand Nigerians who fled Ukraine to either Poland or other neighbouring countries, have been evacuated.However, not every Nigerian affected by the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine wishes to return to the West African country.Some Nigerians who spoke with Channels TV said they would prefer to find alternatives in Europe rather than returning to the country.Lukman Ibrahim, a student, who fled Ukraine into Poland, said, “I will seek for student permit and continue my life from here. Because home is not safe, everybody knows this.“You now expect me to come home and face the same thing when I just survived a war? I will never do that.”Also speaking, one Emeka Nnamdi, who is still in Sumy, Ukraine, said “I am currently doing my Masters here.“I finished my six years of medical school here. And I am doing a speciality course, which will take me three years.“But if I’m doing a speciality course in Nigeria, it will take me more than five years, if not seven years. So why should I come home?”“As the war has broken out, we are supposed to run to our country for safety. But I’ll rather stay here,” Ibrahim added“We are all here risking our lives, but going back to our country is riskier.”  source •Returnee Nigerian students ABUJA - Some Nigerian students studying in Ukraine have complained that they were threatened with guns by Ukrainian soldiers as they struggled to escape Russia’s invasion of that country. A medical student, Adebowale Oduola, told Reuters on arrival in Abuja on Friday that he and some friends… In "Top Stories" Several Nigerians – mostly students – who are in Ukraine are currently stranded even as Russia continues to attack the eastern European nation, Punch report that, This is as the National Association of Nigerian Students in Ukraine sent out a Save Our Soul message to the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari… In "News" Abuja - Nigerians who escaped Russia’s ongoing military offensive in Ukraine arrived in Abuja, the nation’s capital, on Friday, narrating how they escaped the intense bombings and missiles fired by Russia’s military forces. The war, which has led to the death of hundreds of civilians and troops, leaving thousands injured… In "Top Stories"