Bode George, a Chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party and former Chairman of the Nigerian Ports Authority, has said that he will leave Nigeria if Bola Ahmed Tinubu becomes President of Nigeria.  Speaking at a press briefing in Lagos on Saturday March 19, George claimed that Tinubu would ensure that his family members occupy sensitive positions if he becomes president, adding that the ex-governor has done nothing to deserve the seat. He said; “I am happy the president has signed the new electoral bill. If by whatever chance he (referring to Tinubu) gets to the villa, I won’t be part of this country. “And I am not joking. I can go to Ghana, live in Ghana and be watching with binoculars from afar. You will see what will happen. “This is Alpha Beta in Lagos. He will create some Alter Beta somewhere to carry your money. His wife will now be senate president. His son will be governor of Lagos. His daughter will be Iyaloja of Nigeria. “What has he done to prove that he deserves to be honoured by anybody in this country? “Nothing personal. In fact, my niece called me. She said ‘some of their people are spinning that he gives me money. That Bola gives me money’. “Let him bring the money. I will tell him to follow me to Lagos Island — people who are hungry are there. I grew up there — in Lagos Island.”  source By Segun Oye, IBADAN A chieftain of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Olabode George, has vowed to cease to be a Nigerian should the National Leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Ahmed Tinubu, becomes Nigeria’s President in 2023. Prompt News reports that Mr. Tinubu is believed… In "Opinion" Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Chieftain, Olabode George, has slammed former governor of Lagos State, Bola Tinubu, saying the All Progressive Congress party leader is responsible for the reported crisis in the ruling party Bode George, a former Deputy National Chairman of the PDP, slammed Tinubu for allegedly mishandling the affairs… In "Politics" A former Minister of Works and Housing, Adeseye Ogunlewe, speaks to ‘SOLA BABARINSA on his backing of the rumoured presidential ambition of a former governor of Lagos State, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, among other related issues As an experienced politician who was a member of the Alliance for Democracy, the Peoples… In "Features"