By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate, Tuesday, passed a bill to provide the needed legislative framework for the establishment of the Federal College of Education, Ekiadolor, Edo State. The passage of the bill followed the consideration of a report by the Committee on Tertiary Institutions and TETFUND. The bill which scaled second reading on 28th September, 2021, was sponsored by Senator Matthew Urhoghide (Edo South). Chairman of the Committee, Senator Ahmad Babba-Kaita, in his presentation during plenary, said the objective of the bill was to provide a legislative framework to support the establishment of the college. According to the lawmaker, the institution would augment the shortfall of teachers, as well as meet learning, research and instructional needs of the prospective students of host communities in particular and Nigeria as a whole. “The legislative framework designed for the college, is to offer Nigeria Certificate in Education (NCE) and other certification in the areas of its core subjects of interest on both full-time and part-time basis”, Babba-Kaita said. He added that the Federal College of Education would, among others, identify educational needs of southern state with a view to finding lasting solution to educational needs of the Nigerian people within the context of government’s overall national educational development agenda. The bill was passed by the upper chamber after consideration of the panel’s report by the Committee of the Whole. The Senate has passed a bill to provide a legal framework for the establishment of the Federal Medical Centre, Owutu Eda, Ebonyi State. The passage of the Federal Medical Centre Owutu Eda (Establishment) Bill, 2021, followed the consideration of a report by the House Committee on Health (Secondary and Tertiary)… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate on Tuesday passed a bill to establish the Orthopedic Hospital, Dekina, Kogi State. Also passed was a bill to establish the Federal College of Education, Omuo-Ekiti, Ekiti State.  The approval followed the consideration of two separate reports by the Committees on… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A bill for an Act to establish the Federal Polytechnic Adikpo, in Kwande Local Gocernment Area of Benue State passed second reading on the floor the sente on Wednesday. Senator Baranbas Gemade representing Benue North-East Senatorial District, while leading the debate, informed the… In "News"