AWKA – Anambra State’s new governor, Professor Chukwuma Charles Soludo, has expressed disappointment over the ugly incident that threatened to mar his inauguration, this morning at the Agu-Awka Government House in Awka, the state capital. Ebelechukwu, wife of outgone Governor Willie Obiano, had slapped Mrs Bianca Ojukwu at the event. Bianca is the wife of late Igbo legend, Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu-Ojukwu. A report this afternoon by the online edition of Vanguard newspaper quoted Governor Soludo as commenting on the incident while beginning his speech. He was quoted as saying: “Those who also want to leave can as well do so. “The Anambra we are talking about is a place of law and order.” At the time Soludo started speaking, Obiano and his wife had already left the venue. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) correspondent who was at the scene of the event reports that the assault incident occurred immediately after Soludo took his oath of office. NAN reports that dignitaries including immediate past governor Obiano were already seated when Mrs Obiano stepped in and moved to the front row where the widow of Dim Odumegwu Ojukwu was seated and slapped her. “The action drew the attention of security agents and some personalities who pulled Mrs Obiano off the hold of Bianca who was visibly shocked at the action,” NAN reports. “Mrs Obiano was later taken away and shortly afterwards, her husband left the venue since the incident happened after the new governor had been sworn in,” the report adds. •Screen shot of the commotion By FRANCIS ONYEUKWU AWKA - Drama ensued on Thursday at the inauguration of Prof Chukwuma Soludo as the governor of Anambra when wife of outgoing Gov. Willie Obiano, Ebelechukwu, slapped Mrs Bianca Ojukwu at the event. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) correspondent who was… In "Top Stories" •Ebele Obiano and Bianca Ojukwu AWKA - The Anambra State Police Command on Thursday said it saw no need to arrest wife of outgoing Governor of Anambra State, Ebelechukwu Obiano; and widow of the late Chukwuemeka Odumegwu-Ojukwu, Bianca; for breach of public peace. The Command spokesman, Ikenga Tochukwu, made this… In "Top Stories" •Mrs Ebelechukwu Obiano (left) and Ambassador Bianca Onoh Ambassador Bianca Ojukwu, wife of late Ikemba Nnewi, Chief Emeka Odumegwu- Ojukwu, the eternal leader of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA has congratulated Prof Chukwuma Soludo on his swearing-in as the Governor of Anambra State. Bianca as she is popularly called,… In "Top Stories"