The Director-General of the Nigeria Mining Cadastre Office, Obadiah Nkom, said that his agency has partnered with World Bank to upgrade its system for foreign investors to apply online for mining licences in Nigeria. He said this when he received a delegation of Optiva Resources Limited, a London-based investment organisation, alongside its investment advisers, NPL Advisors. This was according to a press statement issued by the agency and sent to our correspondent, on Monday. The statement read in part, “He said that the government collaborated with the World Bank to upgrade the Agency’s system and it is compatible with the rest of the world, adding that with electronic Mining Cadastre (eMC+) application based system, a ready-made platform has been provided for investors all over the world to come on board.” Nkom was quoted as saying, “We upgraded from regular polygon to the online system we have now. We are talking about real time administration and these are the series of upgrades that will align with best international practices.” He added, “With the new system, you can apply for a mineral title from anywhere in the world. Currently, we are crossing and dotting wherever is necessary for us to have a sustainable system.” The MCO DG further stressed that public-private partnerships can drive huge investment into mining. He encouraged investors to leverage the digitalised system and explore the Nigerian mineral sector. He said that Mineral Titles, such as Exploration Licence, Quarry Lease, Small Scale Mining Lease, Water Use Permit, and Mining Lease are open to foreign investors. Nkom added that offices in the six geopolitical zones have been opened to equally receive applications from different zones and states. The Federal Government has revoked at least 5,793 inactive mining licences, investigation by The PUNCH has revealed. Our correspondents learnt that the licences that were revoked included mining, exploration, quarry and small scale mining titles. The PUNCH reported earlier that Federal Government issued more than 7,000 licences since the inception… In "News" By Moses Nosike Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The state of Nigeria’s mines and steel sector was not at its best when Honourable Minister of Mines and Steel Development, Arc. Olamilekan Adegbite came on board. Without mincing words, the sector was neglected for the oil boom, as a result it could… In "Top Stories" Abuja -   The Ministry of Mines and Steel Development says issuance of mining titles will soon be reduced to between 30 and 45 days as stipulated in the Nigerian Mining and Minerals Act, 2007. Dr Kayode Fayemi, the minister disclosed this at the ongoing 2nd Nigerian Mining Week, organised… In "Business"