Abuja – Fresh reports have emerged on plots by the “cabal” around President Muhammadu Buhari failed to use the president’s name to remove Yobe State Governor, Mai Mala Buni as the chairman of the Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) of the All Progressive Congress (APC). Recall that a national newspaper had reported that President Buhari had approved Buni’s removal and appointed his Niger State counterpart, Abubakar Sani Bello as his replacement to head the CECPC. Bello resumed at the party’s national secretariat in Abuja but was forced to do a walk back after his faction was confronted with the legal implication of the President usurping the powers of the APC National Executive Committee (NEC), the only body that can sack Buni or the CECPC. He was then forced to accept that he only presided over the meeting of CECPC because Buni was absent. The cabal under the leadership of Kaduna State Governor, Mallam Nasir Nasir El- Rufai had approached the President with an allegation that Buni has plotted to remain beyond the March 26th National Convention date. The cabal premised its decision on a court order obtained by a member of the APC, Salisu Umoru, restraining the Buni led CECPC and the APC from conducting its national convention until some questions before the court were answered. But credible sources within the party have confirmed that the lawsuit was originally instituted by those who are now opposed to Gov. Mai Mallam Buni after they discovered they could not manipulate him to do their biddings. One of the sources said “Unfortunately, Buni has refused to marginalize any member of the party preferring to be a leader for all. “The latest decision to therefore remove Mai MAllam Buni is not in any way connected with the National Convention billed for the 26th of March as they want to coerce people into their narrow political interest ahead of 2023,” he explained. Our source informed that most of the cabal members are eyeing the Vice Presidency of the country and have perfected their plans to achieve this by controlling the party at its highest level, which made them to see Buni as a stumbling block hence the need to remove him from office. The cabal members were already jubilating over the newspaper publication removing Buni and naming Bello as his replacement, but their joy was cut short when they were made to realize that they were on the verge of subjecting the party to a series of litigations that would cripple it for the 2023 General Elections. Dae Steven Deegbara, a member, APC National convention Planning Committee later wrote, “Gov. Sani Bello of Niger State is a member of APC CECPC which Gov Mai Malla Buni is Chairman. “President Muhammadu Buhari traveled out of the country with some Governors. I do not know if Gov. Mai Malla Buni is among those who traveled with the President, but he was absent. “And to ensure there’s no vacuum, the planned activities of the APC National Secretariat have to go on, with Gov Bello, a member of APC CECPC standing in, acting as Chairman in Gov Buni’s stead. “All other members of the APC CECPC, including Gov Sani Bello and the national Secretary Sen John Akpanudoedehe remains intact. “Gov. Bello in the absence of Gov Buni, chairman APC CECPC and Secretary, Sen Akpanudoedehe, stood in to perform today’s timetabled activities of the party, including the former swearing-in of all state Chairmen of the APC, those who were initially issued certificates of return by CECPC. “Gov. Bello, in the absence of Gov Buni, flanked by Secretary Sen Akpanudoedehe and all other members of the CECPC, also inaugurated Sub-Commitees for the APC National convention. “APC is not in any crisis, the 26th March, 2022 national convention date remains sacrosanct. “With the explanations from the Hon Okey Eziala, Abia state publicity secretary of APC, who was on ground in Abuja APC National Secretariat, it has effectively put to rest all the fake stories emanating from children of anger,” he noted. Attorney General of the Federation, Mr. Abubakar Malami, SAN, being a loyal party man, had made frantic efforts to guide the President against the decision of the cabal which wanted Mai MAllam Buni removed from office at all costs. Malami cited the direct legal implications and the fact that it is only the NEC of the party that can remove the Chairman of the CECPC and not by mere presidential pronouncement. It is believed that as of Monday morning, the President who left the country on Sunday had to change his mind after some Governors on the platform of the party prevailed on him not to allow selfish interests by any individual to destroy the party. But the cabal went ahead to push the false story of Buni’s removal. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Thirteen governors elected on the platform of the All Progressive Congress (APC) are set on a collision course with their remaining counterparts in the party as they insist that Yobe State Governor, Mai mala Buni retains his role as the Chairman of the… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - As the crisis rocking the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC) reaches the roof stage, a formidable youth group of the party, the APC Youth Development and Solidarity Forum (APC-YDSF), on Monday, recommended the expulsion of Gov. Abubakar Bello from the party. At an… In "Politics" Abuja - As the crisis in the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC) continues to elicit reactions, a council of elders in the party from south west has declared that it would not recognize Governor Abubakar Bello of Niger State as the National Chairman. The group, under the aegis of APC… In "Politics"