By Chibuike Nwabuko. Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Chairman of North-Central Assembly, Alhaji Yinusa Suleiman, has described Akpoti-Uduaghan’s entry into the PDP as a turning point for the opposition party in Kogi State. Akpoti-Uduaghan, a key players in the politics of North Central on Saturday described Kogi State Social Democratic Party (SDP) candidate in the 2019 governorship election, Chief Natasha Akpoti-Uduaghan, as an astute consensus builder, a great mobilizer and prudent manager of human and material resources. The Kogi State politician and lawyer recently joined the People’s Democratic Party (PDP). ‘’Politics is all about service. We believe, very fervently, that you have so much to offer to Nigeria, particularly Kogi State in the years ahead’’ The leaders applauded the Kogi State politician for making the hardest and wisest political decision. They urged Akpoti-Uduaghan, party supporters and well-wishers to squarely face the 2023 elections and ensure the PDP records victory in Kogi State. ‘’Akpoti-Uduaghan must join forces with other PDP chieftains to consume the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Kogi State’’. He stated this in a press statement issued on Saturday in Lokoja made available to Sundiata Post. ‘’It is indeed a step in the right direction’’ The statement emphasized Akpoti-Uduaghan’s contributions to Nigeria, her humanitarian values and superlative drive for service to fatherland. Particularly, the leaders praised the PDP for making Nigeria a significant voice in the international community, improving the nation’s foreign reserves, paying off debts and exiting from the London and Paris Clubs of creditors. They also commended the nation’s leading opposition party for the country’s telecommunication revolution, massive inflow of foreign investments, re-invigoration of the middle-class and massive improvement in the area of education, infrastructure, security, health, tourism and finance. ‘’We welcome Chief Natasha Hadiza Akpoti-Uduaghan to PDP’’ Akpoti-Uduaghan is expected to contribute to PDP’s victory and also bring her vision for the rapid development of Kogi State to fruition. Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Kogi State Governor and candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Yahaya Bello, has defeated his closest rivals, Musa Wada of the PDP and Natasha Akpoti of SDP, in his polling unit. His polling unit is Okene-Eba/Agassa/Ahache Ward, Unit 11, Okene Local Government Area of… In "Top Stories" Lokoja - The Director-General of the Kogi State Bureau of Information and Grassroots Mobilisation, Alhaji Abdulkarim Abdulmalik, has called on Mr Musa Wada of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to accept the outcome of the just-concluded governorship election in good faith. Abdulmalik made the call in a statement issued in… In "News" •Kogi State Governor Yahaya Bello ABUJA - The Abuja division of the Federal High Court has been asked to disqualify Governor Yahaya Bello as a candidate in November 16 election in Kogi State. In the suit marked FHC/ABJ/CS/122/2019, the governorship aspirant on the platform of Social Democratic Party (SDP), Natasha… In "Politics"