ABUJA – Prince Emeka Obasi, publisher of Hallmark Newspaper, a business, policy and finance daily newspaper, is dead. Aged 58, it was learnt that Obasi, a veteran journalist and public relations expert, died on Wednesday, March 16 (today) after a protracted illness. A graduate of English and Literary Studies from the University of Calabar, Obasi, Sundiata Post  gathered, had been battling a health challenge for the past eight years. He was a former Commissioner for Information in Abia State. He was the founder and executive secretary of Public Policy Research and Analysis Centre (PPRAC), organisers of the annual Zik Prize in Leadership Awards. Obasi was a serial media entrepreneur. He started media publishing with Hallmark newspaper, a general interest newspaper.He later set up National Mirrow, another national newspaper, which he later sold to Jimoh Ibrahim and re-established Hallmark as Hallmark Business as a business newspaper.Obasi was also founder and CEO of Patrioni Limited, a public relations firm.In his twilight days, Obasi became a born-again Christian and wrote a personal testimony titled Saved for His Praise: A Personal Testimony, which was serialised on Facebook. The Federal University of Abuja held its 34th inaugural lecture on 28th March. The prestigious lecture attended by respected dignitaries was delivered by renowned Professor Isaac Nnamdi Obasi of the department of Public Administration. Speaking on the topic, ‘’Public Policy in the Management of Industrial Relations,’’ Prof. Obasi said that… In "Features" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A professor of public administration at the University of Abuja, Prof. Isaac N. Obasi has called on the Governor of Imo State, Sir Emeka Ihedioha, to remain focused and build on the foundation he has layed since coming on office on May 29. In a statement… In "News" ABUJA - The Publisher, Leadership Newspapers, Sam Nda Isaiah, has died. He was aged 58 years. Reports reaching The Boss say the leading political columnist, pharmacist, entrepreneur and journalist, may have died from complications arising from COVID-19. He reportedly died at the Gwagwalada Isolation Centre. “Nda-Isaiah was born in Minna,… In "Top Stories"