By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has sought the assistance of the Nigerian Army Corps of Military Police in the area of capacity building and manpower development targeted at curbing illicit drug activities in the country. The request was made when the Director Internal Affairs NDLEA, Assistant Commander General of Narcotics, Hamisu Lawal (mni), led a team of officers of the Agency on a courtesy visit to the Provost Marshal (Army) Maj Gen Olumuyiwa Aiyenigba at the Headquarters Nigerian Army Corps of Military Police, Abuja. Lawal said the existing cordial relationship between the two institutions has contributed to the growth and development of the nation, especially in curbing drug trafficking, illicit drugs activities and other related issues in the country. He also affirmed the agency’s unalloyed commitment to the Nigerian Army Corps of Military Police as a credible institution in its area of responsibility. Responding, the Provost Marshal (Army) appreciated the Assistant Commander General of Narcotics, NDLEA and his team for the visit and commended the Chairman of NDLEA, Brig Gen Mohammed Buba Marwa (Rtd) for changing the narratives of the agency in combating illicit drug trafficking, sales and consumption. Maj Gen Aiyenigba, therefore, encouraged the agency to continue in its strive to curb illicit trafficking which will make the country drug-free society. He assured them of the support of the Nigerian Army Corps of Military Police in the area of kinetic and non-kinetic operations, in order to ensure that the challenges of illicit drugs are reduced to the barest minimum. Highlights of the event include: signing of the visitors book, decorating the Provost Marshal Army with War Against Drug Abuse (WADA) badge as WADA Ambassador, presentation of souvenirs and group photographs. The Chairman/Chief Executive Officer National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), Brigadier General Mohammed Buba Marwa (rtd) on Wednesday, 14 April 2021, paid courtesy visit to the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Ibrahim Attahiru at the Army Headquarters, Abuja. The NDLEA boss said he came to congratulate the COAS on… In "News" Chairman/Chief Executive of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, Brig. Gen. Mohamed Buba Marwa (Retd), has charged officers and men of the Agency’s Strike Force Corps to be ruthless against drug barons and cartels in order to root them from their hideouts across the country. Marwa gave the charge at… In "Features" By Victor Nwachukwu Owerri - Imo Governor, Chief Emeka Ihedioha, has promised to set up Anti- Drug Abuse Committee in the state to tackle the incidence of illicit drug trafficking and drug abuse. Ihedioha made the promise in Owerri on Wednesday at the commemoration of 2019 International Day Against Drug… In "News"