U.S House of Representatives member, Jason Crow has revealed the fate of Ukrainains as fight with Russia intensifies. Crow predicted that the current war with Russia will get worse for the Republic of Ukraine because Russia’s President Vladimir Putin doesn’t care about his soldiers .  Crow, who is a member of the House Armed Services and House Intelligence Committees, however, expressed optimism that Ukraine troops can retake the city, adding that the Russian armed forces have continued to struggle. “They’re having logistical problems, re-supply problems, fuel problems. Their morale is extremely low, they’re encountering some desertions,” he told CNN. He said despite these challenges, Russia still maintains “an overwhelming combat advantage on paper”. The lawmaker predicted that the war may continue for some time, with Russian President Vladimir Putin not likely to move away from his primary goal. “This is going to be a long slog. I think if we expect Putin to take an off-ramp here or to de-escalate this because of the toll on his own army, I think we’re not thinking about this in the way that Putin is thinking about this,” Crow detailed. “He views this as an existential threat to him and his legacy and frankly, he does not care about his own soldiers, ” Crow said, adding that the Russian leader is willing to throw as much combat power and would try to win the war by all means. “This is going to get worse and worse for the Ukrainians,” Crow predicted, adding “time is on the Russian’s side right now.” Both nations met at the Belarusian borders for the second time on Thursday to negotiate on the possibilities of ending the war. Thursday peace talks did not also reach a concrete end as both sides only agreed on a temporary cease-fire to allow the evacuation of citizens and the delivery of aid to areas where fierce fighting has been taking place. The war between both countries has now entered its ninth day with the Ukrainian President claiming to killed over 9,000 Russian forces as of last Tuesday.  Source President Joe Biden has sent a serious warning to Russia's President Vladimir Putin. Biden promised that the United States and its allies will respond to Russia’s attack on Ukraine. Ukraine has been attacked by Russia through multiple borders, Ukrainian State border service reports. Biden on his Twitter page said the… In "News" By Roberta Rampton WASHINGTON  - During his presidential campaign, Republican Donald Trump praised Russian President Vladimir Putin as a "strong leader" with whom he’d like to reset tense U.S.-Russian relations. But as Trump heads to his first face-to-face meeting as president with Putin on the sidelines of the G20 summit… In "Foreign" The United States and Russia are set to hold much-anticipated talks in January on European security and the Ukraine conflict after Moscow listed demands including to end NATO’s expansion. A spokesperson for the US National Security Council told AFP on condition of anonymity that the talks with Russia will take… In "Foreign"