Russia will immediately stop its military operations if the Ukrainian authorities amend their country’s constitution to abandon their ambition to enter “any bloc,” and recognise the Crimean referendum and the independence of the Donetsk and Luhansk People’s Republics (DPR and LPR). The Russian presidential spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, told Reuters on Monday. “They should make amendments to their constitution according to which Ukraine would reject any aims to enter any bloc,’’ Peskov said. “We have also spoken about how they should recognise that Crimea is Russian territory and that they need to recognise that Donetsk and Lugansk are independent states. “And that’s it. Then, Russia’s military operations will stop in a moment.’’ Peskov added that Moscow would finish the demilitarisation of Ukraine and urge Kyiv to stop its military action. On Feb. 24, Russia began a special operation to demilitarize and “denazify” Ukraine, responding to calls for help from the DPR and LPR in countering the aggression of Ukrainian troops. The Russian Defence Ministry said the special operation was targeting Ukrainian military infrastructure only and the civilian population was not in danger. Moscow has repeatedly stressed that it has no plans to occupy Ukraine BRUSSELS/DONETSK (Reuters) - NATO said on Monday there was a "high probability" that Russia could launch an invasion of Ukraine, where the government said its troops have been closing in on Donetsk, the main city held by pro-Russian rebels. Kiev said it was in the "final stages" of recapturing Donetsk,… In "Foreign" Berlin,    -      German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Thursday that the West was imposing sanctions on Russia to stand up for international law. Merkel added that she would address the Sea of Azov issue with Russian President, Vladimir Putin, at an upcoming G20 summit slated for Nov. 30 to Dec.… In "Foreign" Moscow -   Russia-U.S. confrontation is extending to the economic and trade field as Washington is poised to hit Moscow new and powerful sanctions on Aug. 22. Russia views the move as a declaration of “economic war”. The U.S. State Department said that Washington would impose new sanctions on Russia… In "Foreign"