Abuja – The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission has flown a former Anambra State governor, Willie Obiano, to its headquarters in Abuja, where he would be grilled by detectives. He would spend his first weekend after leaving power in EFCC cell. Obiano will be grilled by detectives over alleged misappropriation of public funds, including N5bn Sure-P and N37bn security vote which was withdrawn in cash. It was gathered that part of the funds were also allegedly diverted to finance political activities in the state. The ex-governor was picked up at about 8.30pm on Thursday, hours after he handed over power to his successor, Charles Soludo. Obiano was on his way to the United States when he was intercepted at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Ikeja, and whisked away to the Lagos office of the commission. The EFCC spokesman, Wilson Uwujaren, confirmed the ex-governor’s transfer to our Saturday PUNCH on Friday, saying, “Obiano has been flown to Abuja this morning (Friday). He is currently at our Abuja office. “Obiano was arrested for alleged misappropriation of public funds, including, N5bn Sure-P and N37bn security vote which was withdrawn in cash. Part of the funds was also allegedly diverted to finance political activities in the state.” Uwujaru, however, declined to speak on when the suspect would be released on bail. The agency had last year placed the former governor on its watch list and also asked the Nigeria Immigration Service to stop him from leaving the country in a letter to the Comptroller-General of Immigration dated November 15, 2021. The Anambra State Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, C-Don Adinuba, had told our correspondent on Monday that Obiano would not surrender to the EFCC at the end of his eight-year tenure, noting that the commission had not invited him. He dismissed reports that Obiano had been placed on the watch list by the EFCC and NIS. The commissioner stated, “First of all, the EFCC never made that statement categorically to anybody. So, when the deficiencies in the statement were highlighted, they were clear and convincing to everyone. I am not aware anybody has indicted him. “Nobody confronted him with any issue; I do not think there are petitions against him. We were surprised to read in the newspapers, and not even a statement by the EFCC directly; just a statement from third parties. I find it curious that they would say they are waiting for him.” The governor, to the best of my knowledge, is not worried about the EFCC; there is nothing to worry about.” (Punch). •Ex-Governor Willie Obiano BY MOSES OMOROGIEVA LAGOS - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has moved former Anambra State Governor, Mr Willie Obiano to Abuja after he was arrested in Lagos on Thursday night. The spokesperson for the commission, Mr Wilson Uwujiaren, confirmed this when he spoke with the… In "Top Stories" Mr Willie Obiano, former Governor of Anambra State ABUJA - Mr. Willie Obiano, former Governor of Anambra State was arrested for alleged misappropriation of public funds. This is according to a source at the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). Mr Obiano was arrested by the EFCC on Thursday evening… In "Top Stories" Nigeria's Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami has been accused of instigating the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission against the Governor of Anambra State, Willie Obiano. The Anambra State government alleged that Malami is the one pushing the EFCC to go after Obiano for political… In "News"