By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Benue State Governor Samuel Ortom has dismissed claims by one Philip Agbese that he would  return to the All Progressives Congress (APC) soon, insisting that, “I have never met that young man  in my life.” One Philip Agbese had claimed in a newspaper report that Governor Ortom confided in him to plead with the wife of an APC leader in Makurdi that he (Ortom) be accepted back into the APC fold. Ortom debunked the report in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja on Sunday. According to the Governor, “I have never met that young man who calls himself Philip Agbese, so there is no way I would have whispered to him on any issue. Not to talk of returning to the APC. And why should I return to the APC? What will I be doing in a party that has destroyed Benue, wrecked Nigeria to its knees. In any case, why should I confide or whisper to someone I have never met?” He went on: “If that young man wants to use my name to climb to wherever he wants to go, then he has failed. I am an enigma. I cannot condescend to the level of engaging with people who are going about looking for crumbs just to fill their stomach against the general well being of the people.” Governor emphasised; “That young man is a serial liar who wants to draw attention to himself using my name. There is no truth in that claim. Whoever thinks that I Governor Samuel Ortom will dump the Peoples Democratic Party now when I am part of the leadership of the party mapping up plans to rescue Nigeria from the APC led by General Muhammadu Buhari administration must be joking.” “Let me make it clear. I am not contemplating of rejoining the APC at any time. I am in the forefront, working with other leaders of the PDP to ensure that the party rescues Nigeria from the cluelessness of the APC to win the presidency and other states as well as retains power here in the state”. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Foremost contender for the position of Member, House of Representatives from Benue State, Chief Philip Agbese, has charged the newly inaugurated Chairman of the All Progressive Congress (APC) in the State, Comrade Austin Agada, to move with the speed of light, as he… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - After a meeting with APC National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole where he was hoodwinked, Governor of Benue State, Samuel Ortom, has recanted his earlier declaration  that he has left the All Progressives Congress. APC National Chairman Adams Oshiomhole and Benue State Governor Samuel Ortom He… In "Top Stories" …Orders Removal of APC Flag From  Govt House, Official Car Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Benue youths comprising over forty groups Wednesday waylaid Governor Samuel Ortom at the entrance of the Benue Government House stopping him from traveling to Abuja to attending a scheduled meeting with the All Progressives Congress, APC,… In "Top Stories"