By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – A Senator representing Plateau Central District (APC), at the National Assembly, Sen. Hezekiah Dimka, has said he will double the successes recorded by Governor Simon Lalong, if elected governor in the 2023 general elections. Dimka who is also the Chairman Senate Committee on Drugs and Narcotics, said his experience as a former Commissioner of Police will also help to tackle the insecurity situation in the State. The Senator stated this Tuesday, in Kanke Local Government Area of the State, during his expression of interest to contest for the number one seat in Plateau. According to him: “Leveraging on my experience as a former Police Chief who served in other challenging situations across the land, I make bold to state my motivation and commitment to cause a different intervention in securing our communities and return peace to our people. “My experience in the area of security cannot be wished away easily. I believe strongly that having put in 35 years in the same terrain should embolden me to face the situation headlong and be able to build on what has been done for the state by other administration. “I am not oblivious of what governments in the past have done. I am aware that Governor Simon Lalong realizing that peace is necessary for development established the Plateau Peace Building Agency”, he said. On the area of unemployment and hunger, Dimka said without statistics, Plateau has enterprising young men and women who are roaming the streets without jobs, adding that there is need to encourage the youths to have skills that would help them survive the harsh economic terrain, rather than hanging around waiting for government jobs that are difficult to come. “We are no strangers that hunger and unemployment have become endemic in the land. Families are finding life difficult to survive, as hunger stares them in the face with no answers to their predicament. “I know you are as worried as I am that some of our sons and daughters are not gainfully employed. It is possible that the state can find value for our graduates in what they have read in schools by getting them to be effectively engaged in acquiring skills”, the Senator said. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senator representing Plateau Central, Senator Dimka Ayuba has mourned the death of his colleague and friend,  late Ignatius Longjan  who died on February 10 in Abuja after a brief illness. The senator who described late Longjan as down to earth and selfless, said… In "News" JOS (Sundiata Post) - There is palpable anger in political circles in Plateau State, especially in the two major political parties, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the All Progressives Congress over a statement by Jonah Jang, former Governor and  senator representing Plateau North senatorial zone, who said that the… In "Local News" There was outrage in Jos, Plateau State capital, and Benue State on Tuesday night, following the killing of 43 people in different attacks. Thirty-five people were killed in different attacks in Yelwa Zangam in Jos North Local Government Area of Plateau State. Also, eight were killed in Yelawa, Guma Local… In "News"