The speaker, Kaduna state House of Assembly, Yusuf Zailani, on Friday personally directed vehicles at Shafa Energy Filling Station to ensure orderliness in order to allow the queue move smoothly. Filling stations are daily besieged by motorists in search of fuel with most of the stations taken over by long queues of vehicles from morning till night. Consequently, orderliness has been thrown to the winds as exits and entries to the stations are almost blocked with vehicles. This was the position of affairs at Shafa Energy Filling Station situated on Shehu Yar’Adua Way in Millennium City, Chikun local government area of Kaduna state, when the speaker arrived Friday afternoon after the Juma’at prayers. He called the manager and queried him on why he allowed the station to be so crowded and rowdy. As the manager was trying to make excuses, the speaker, who represents Igabi state constituency, immediately ordered the vehicles at the exit point to join the queue. He equally re-arranged the queues thereby ensuring that there was no shunting. He then walked down the queue to calm down the motorists, chatting with some and assuring them that they would be served fuel. Blueprint reports that within minutes there was orderliness and motorists who had spent over seven hours on the queues were able to get fuel within minutes as the queues started moving smoothly. Abuja -   Supply of petroleum products across the country has greatly improved after weeks of scarcity encountered by motorists, a survey by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) has shown. NAN correspondents report that many filling stations across the country are now free of long queues that characterised sights… In "Business" By Philip Yatai Kaduna -   Motorists in Kaduna, Bauchi and Yola are facing hard times buying petrol in chaotic situations following accute scarcity of the product. Checks on filling stations in the states, particularly Kaduna metropolis and its environs, revealed that hundreds of motorists passed the night at the… In "News" Kano (Kano State)  -  Long queues of vehicles have disappeared as the petrol filling stations sell premium motor spirit at N145 per litre in Kano. NAN checks in many filling stations in the metropolis revealed that most of those that closed down for several months returned to business since Thursday.… In "Business"