Those backing Governor Mai Mala Buni as Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) are “Yahoo, Yahoo Governors”, Ondo State Governor, Rotimi Akeredolu has stated.  This is following the crisis rocking the party after Niger state governor, Abubakar Bello, took over from his Yobe state counterpart, Mai Mala Buni, as Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC). On Wednesday, Governors Nasir El–Rufai of Kaduna and David Umahi of Ebonyi took different positions on Buni. While Umahi said Buni was still in charge of the party, El-Rufai said he can never return as the party chairman. In a statement titled “Buni, Pocket-filling Black Legs In Corridors Of Power Tried To Supplant President’s Will” and released on March 10, Gov Akeredolu said the ruling party survived a “Civilian Coup largely inspired by mischief and incurable lust for power through artificial barricades”. “Without being immodest, APC’s birth was a novel instance. The party’s philosophical beacon woven around its ideological leaning was alluring. Undoubtedly, the firm leadership, candour and honesty exemplified by Mr. President who heads the administration that is the product of the APC deserve no less of support and complimentary responsibilities from all stakeholders. The installation of the Caretaker and Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) of the APC was beyond a call to service. It was a child of necessity moulded to one, instil discipline in leadership and engender coherence among stakeholders and more importantly, to deepen the Rule of Law in our party. However, the insidious and appalling happenings within our party in the last few months, especially under the immediate-past leadership clearly posit a huge embarrassment. Without necessarily dwelling on details that are known to critical stakeholders, the path taken lately by Governor Mai Mala Buni, the immediate past head of the CECPC and an indivisible few, is a unenviable trajectory undeserving of our dear party. It is a disdainful narrative. Nevertheless, the courage and determination, as well as shrewd sincerity of purpose demonstrated by most of the APC Governors, remain a delight. Significantly, the swift response and prompt action taken by Mr. President have, in no small means, salvaged our great party from internal scavengers. We, indeed, survived a Civilian Coup largely inspired by mischief and incurable lust for power through artificial barricades. We, the governors are for the party except for the few ‘Yahoo, Yahoo’ governors (apologies to Salihu, former DG of the Progressive Governors’ Forum) who were hand in glove with Buni to circumvent the will of majority of our Party (APC) members. Progressive governors in the true name, mostly all of us, are determined to see our Party through these patchy parts at all cost. None of the scanty number has the guts to carry out their imaginary threats as reported in sponsored stories. We dare them to leave the party. Their short-lived antics in arm twisting Governor Buni and probably, some pocket filling elements within the corridors of power to supplant the President’s will through fake letters, endorsements as well as ‘Black Market’ injunction (procured since November, 2021) are despicable.  Source Abuja - Fresh reports have emerged on plots by the “cabal” around President Muhammadu Buhari failed to use the president’s name to remove Yobe State Governor, Mai Mala Buni as the chairman of the Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) of the All Progressive Congress (APC). Recall that a national… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - As the crisis rocking the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC) reaches the roof stage, a formidable youth group of the party, the APC Youth Development and Solidarity Forum (APC-YDSF), on Monday, recommended the expulsion of Gov. Abubakar Bello from the party. At an… In "Politics" Abia APC'APC leaders are working for PDP in Abia' Crisis: More party chieftains defect to Emenike groupBy Omeiza Ajayi – Abuja Director General of the Progressive Governors’ Forum PGF, Salihu Moh. Lukman has finished speculations that governors of the party are in favour of postponing the scheduled February National Convention… In "Politics"