The Special Adviser to the President on Political Matters, Babafemi Ojudu, on Saturday declared his support for moves to lure Vice President Yemi Osinbajo into the 2023 presidential race. Ojudu, who was interviewed by a media entrepreneur, Chude Jideonwo, picked Osinbajo as the best candidate to fly the All Progressives Congress (APC) in next year’s election. He also poured cold water in the presidential aspiration of the APC National Leader, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, saying he would rather return to the farm than work with the ex-Lagos State governor if President Muhammadu Buhari decides to back him next year. Asked by the entrepreneur if he would support Tinubu if President Buhari supports the former’s presidential quest, Ojodu said: “Never. Take that from me, write it down today, I will go back to the farm. If I don’t believe in you I will not work for/with you. “We are still waiting for Osinbajo to come and tell us if he is running. I personally will want him to do so, but he has not come out, so we will wait, and there is still time. “If I support Osinbajo, he deserves to be supported. I see the way he works, day and night, committed, not asking for things for himself, committed to the people, committed to Nigeria and well educated. “He can stand his anywhere in the world, comfortable with the young and the old, conformable with new technology and always coming out with solutions to problems. I mean, it doesn’t cost me anything to align with such a person. “What am I looking for in life? I’m looking for a better society, a society where everybody can realise themselves. I’m looking for a society where some people will not pile all of a country’s resources into their accounts. “So, if I see somebody who has all of those attributes, I have the right to support that kind of person, so if Osinbajo declares tomorrow that he is running, I will have no apology. I will support him, and I will work for him.” By KAYODE OYERO ABUJA - Olujonwo, son of former President Olusegun Obasanjo, has pledged to support Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo (SAN) if he joins the 2023 presidential race. The Special Adviser to the President on Political Matters, Babafemi Ojudu, made this known in a Facebook post on Saturday. According to Ojudu,… In "Top Stories" My first encounter with Professor Yemi Osinbajo was in 1999 when he became the Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice in Lagos State. He had been appointed by the elected governor of Lagos State, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu. Then, I was a reporter covering the activities of the Lagos State Government for… In "Opinion" One of the outspoken human rights activists in Nigeria, Deji Adeyanju, has outlined reason why President Muhammadu Buhari may not throw his weight behind the presidential ambition of his Vice, Yemi Osinbajo and that of the Leader of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu in the 2023 general elections.There had… In "News"