Nigerian superstar, Davido has welcomed his daughters as they join him for his concert. Davido revealed that his daughters are already with him in London. The dotting father took to his Instagram story to express his delight as his daughters join him in London. While many thought that only his son, Ifeanyi would be supporting him, his latest move shows that the father of three has a love for all his children. Imade and Hailey arrived in London to support their dad ahead of his concert, and the proud couldn’t hide his excitement. “My daughters are here!!! I’m too hype!!!”. Meanwhile Controversial Instagram dancer, Jane Mena stirred massive reactions on social media when she made a remarkable statement about her lavish spendings. The dancer took to her Instagram story channel to post about her high end makeup in her early twenties “To think I spent millions on high end makeup in my early twenties and now I just shake my head thinking what I could have used that money for. I literally had over 100 mac lipsticks I can only count 43 now.” The Insytagram dancer further blamed the extravagant spending on being a little girl as she said her friend told her she would adjust to a better lifestyle when she grow older. By Justina Auta Abuja - Some fans of music superstar, David Adeleke a.k.a Davido have reacted to the word “wifey’’ in his birthday message to his girlfriend, Chioma Rowland alleging that he had secretly paid her bride price. The singer in 2018 revealed on Twitter that he has been with… In "Entertainment" Award-winning singer, Davido took to Instagram to celebrate Imade, his daughter with Sophia Momodu, as she turned 6 today, May 14. Sharing these lovely photos of his daughter, the proud father wrote: "Happy Birthday to my 1st born @realimadeadeleke !! I love the smart young girl u have grown to… In "Entertainment" A video snippet has surfaced online which shows iconic singer, Davido, cautioning his second child, Hailey, against twerking. At a party, the little girl wanted to show off her dancing skills to onlookers as she assumed the ‘twerking position’. Her superstar father hurriedly stopped her by taping her lightly on… In "Entertainment"