…says Benue leads in women political empowerment By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Benue State Governor Dr Samuel Ortom has commended the courage and resilience of Nigerian women to excel even in the face of cultural and social-economic inhibitions. The Governor in a goodwill message to mark this year’s international women’s day (IWD) stated that some of the challenges militating against women’s emancipation such as cultural practices, widowhood, and inability to aspire to certain positions in the society need to be addressed. This was contained in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja. Ortom noted that his government is at the forefront to empower Benue women politically and economically in line with the 35% Beijing affirmative action. “For instance, since we came in 2015, we have developed a deliberate policy to give women more opportunities to occupy political offices which hitherto was not in place. We have a good number of women as appointees but above all, Benue State under my leadership has given women leadership roles as chairmen of local government areas in the state. “In the forthcoming local government elections, our party the PDP has liberalised women participation by giving nine slots to women as council chairpersons. Apart from a certain percentage of women who will be appointed as Secretaries of local government councils, there will be 69 elected women councillors in the 23 local governments. This is a good testimony of a government that prioritises the place of women for the development of our state and country.” He challenged the leadership of the APC-led National Assembly to borrow a leaf from what he called, “the women development model from Benue state” and not to have jettisoned the clamour for women in the political process of the nation. Ortom condemned the recent brutal killing of Miss Bamise who boarded a Lagos Bus Rapid Transport (BRT) from Ajah to Oshodi and urged the authority to ensure the deceased family gets justice. He, therefore, enjoined Nigerian women not to rest on their oars in the struggle for emancipation and gender equality. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - In far away Portharcourt, the Rivers State capital, Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State was on Wednesday, February 23rd, 2022, was again honoured. This time with the prestigious "Courageous and Purposeful Leadership Award" by the Church of Nigeria (Anglican Communion). It was an… In "News" Fulani Herdsmen sue NASS, AGF, Ortom over Anti-grazing Law In "Top Stories" Anti-open Grazing Law Has Come To Stay - Ortom In "News"