AWKA – The Anambra State Police Command on Thursday said it saw no need to arrest wife of outgoing Governor of Anambra State, Ebelechukwu Obiano; and widow of the late Chukwuemeka Odumegwu-Ojukwu, Bianca; for breach of public peace. The Command spokesman, Ikenga Tochukwu, made this known in a text response to an inquiry by The PUNCH. According to him, the security agents at the Government House, Agu-Awka, Awka, the state capital, quickly intervened and prevented the brawl between the two personalities from escalating into a full-blown affray and the inauguration of Chukwuma Soludo as the governor of the state continued afterwards. The two long-feuding women locked horns at the event on Thursday and after Mrs  Obiano received slaps from Ambassador Bianca Odumegwu-Ojukwu before cameras. The development made the outgoing governor, Willie and his wife to abruptly leave the venue of the swearing-in ceremony of Soludo. Activist Deji Adeyanju of Concerned Nigerians had said the two women should be arrested by the police for breach of public peace, noting that both Bianca and Ebelechukwu set a bad precedent for young ladies present at the event. When contacted on the possibility of their arrest for affray, which is a criminal offence, the PPRO said, “Because of the intervention of security personnel, the quarrel between the two personalities didn’t escalate. Meanwhile, the event continued without any further problems and if there is any need to interface between the two, the Police Command will do so.” (PUNCH) •Prof. Soludo being sworn-in as Anambra Governor . . . Thursday morning in Awka  AWKA - Anambra State’s new governor, Professor Chukwuma Charles Soludo, has expressed disappointment over the ugly incident that threatened to mar his inauguration, this morning at the Agu-Awka Government House in Awka, the state capital. Ebelechukwu,… In "Top Stories" •Screen shot of the commotion By FRANCIS ONYEUKWU AWKA - Drama ensued on Thursday at the inauguration of Prof Chukwuma Soludo as the governor of Anambra when wife of outgoing Gov. Willie Obiano, Ebelechukwu, slapped Mrs Bianca Ojukwu at the event. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) correspondent who was… In "Top Stories" •Mrs Ebelechukwu Obiano (left) and Ambassador Bianca Onoh Ambassador Bianca Ojukwu, wife of late Ikemba Nnewi, Chief Emeka Odumegwu- Ojukwu, the eternal leader of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA has congratulated Prof Chukwuma Soludo on his swearing-in as the Governor of Anambra State. Bianca as she is popularly called,… In "Top Stories"