It is evident that Arsenal will move for a striker in the summer transfer window considering the lack of options that will be available to Mikel Arteta if they do not. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has already left Arsenal and Alexandre Lacazette in addition to Eddie Nketiah will follow him out the exit door when their contracts expire at the end of the season. Leaving only Folarin Balogun as a semi-senior orthodox option. Considering that no player joined in January, there is an expectation that money is available to be spent and football.london understands that the club is planning a significant outlay in the summer with the backing of owner Stan Kroenke. Martin Odegaard ranked among Arsenal’s best performers but Kieran Tierney position surprisesfootballlondonFLORENCE, ITALY – MARCH 02: Dusan Vlahovic of Juventus looks over his shoulder during the Coppa Italia Semi Final 1st Leg match between ACF Fiorentina and Juventus FC at Stadio Artemio Franchi on March 02, 2022 in Florence, Italy. (Photo by Jonathan Moscrop/Getty Images) ROME, ITALY – FEBRUARY 27: Fabian Ruiz Pena of SSC Napoli celebrates the victory after the Serie A match between SS Lazio and SSC Napoli at Stadio Olimpico on February 27, 2022 in Rome, Italy. (Photo by Giuseppe Bellini/Getty Images)Fabian Ruiz Arsenal transfer decision gives Edu repeat of painful test of nerve but hope remainsfootballlondonHowever, just because money is available, it does not mean the club can afford to simply overpay for players or spend big for the sake of it. Clubs will be in the know regarding the Gunners’ potential spending power and will want to maximise the sale price. This will be the case for Chelsea again this summer who have made a large amount of money through player sales from their loan network. Meanwhile, football.london understands Arsenal are monitoring the progress of Armando Broja, on loan from Chelsea at Southampton. Broja has scored 9 goals this season across all competitions in 28 matches despite still being only 20 years of age and having his first taste of senior English football. However, according to Tuttomercato, Chelsea are planning on setting a €70m (£57.8m) price tag on the Albanian international this summer. If sold for this price, only Eden Hazard would represent a bigger sale for the Blues. This fee is frankly mad to consider from an Arsenal perspective. Broja is a talented player and not many would bank against him having a big future. However, on the evidence of what has been seen so far, the striker simply would be too much of a risk to invest this much into him. Considering the reported price associated with the impressive Jonathan David has maxed out at €55m (£45.4m), Arsenal would be much better off looking to the Canadian instead after two impressive seasons, including a Ligue 1 title with Lille. However, Arteta has provided some insight into what he is looking for that may suggest Broja is not yet near the top of his list of options. Introducing… The Arsenal Way Just like you, we can’t get enough of Arsenal! That’s why we’ve decided to supplement our expansive Arsenal coverage on football.london with a more fan-oriented platform catered specifically to Arsenal fans – The Arsenal Way. Writers and presenters who share your passion for the red side of north London will be producing written, visual and audio content to reflect the mood in the stands as well as the press box. You can follow us and our team on Twitter (@HushKerai, @TomCantonMedia, @Baileykeogh_ & @cdavison_afc), subscribe to our YouTube channel and listen to our latest podcasts! You can also subscribe to our daily The Arsenal Way newsletter to read all of our best stuff each day. “He puts the ball in the net, that’s priority number one,” Arteta said when asked about what he wants from his future star striker. “Goal threat. Any successful team needs enough goal threat in the squad. Without it, you have nothing. You can play good football, but you need enough goal threat in the team.” 138208672551The six Premier League goals so far for Broja may be more than Lacazette has managed this season, but it is not enough to convince the club into an aggressive pursuit of the striker. Mikel Arteta will be looking to the most prolific forwards in the world. It was evident in January in the attempts to sign Dusan Vlahovic that the Gunners are looking in the upper echelons of the market. The summer will give them greater scope to follow through on this. London -  Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang on Thursday said he contemplated leaving Arsenal but opted to extend his contract. Aubameyang said his change of heart came after manager Mikel Arteta revitalised the English Premier League club and told him that he could leave behind a legacy at the Emirates Stadium. The Gabonese,… In "Sports" The Spaniard, who previously led Paris St-Germain to the French league title and won three Europa Leagues with Sevilla, was appointed Gunners boss in May 2018, succeeding Arsene Wenger. He has been replaced on a temporary basis by assistant and former Arsenal midfielder Freddie Ljungberg. Arsenal said the decision had… In "Sports" Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has been stripped of the Arsenal captaincy following a breach of discipline, the club confirmed on Tuesday. The 32-year-old forward was left out for Saturday’s 3-0 win over Southampton and will also not feature for West Ham’s visit to the Emirates on Wednesday. “Following his latest disciplinary breach… In "Sports"