Nigerians have lamented over the increase in the price of diesel and the current fuel scarcity.  This is as the federal government and the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation have failed to find a solution to the lingering crisis. The price of diesel has now skyrocketed to around N625 per litre forcing people to complain on social media. According to TheCable, this is four percent higher than the N540/litre it sold last week — and about a 30 percent increase in the two weeks. The development is coming amid fears that the United States and its European allies will ban imports of Russian crude. See reactions below: One Instagram user, maestro_makeover wrote; “This is what happens when a country doesn’t plan for the future. If our refineries were all working perfectly, this wouldn’t affect us. It is well” One the_kk_collections wrote; “Nothing in this country is working. Like nothing at all and it’s so sadHow are people expected to cope?” liz_world25_ wrote; “Things are getting worse everyday… Nigeria my country … No wonder Nigerians in Ukraine  doesn’t want to come home.” One wrote; king_adonii wrote; ‘Nigeria is not ready for hyper inflation coming’ One majinfotek_ng wrote; ”Oh my God ! Father have your way! From food to gas to petrol now diesel” It would be recalled that on Monday, March 7, global oil prices hit their highest level since 2008 at over $130 a barrel before pulling back to trade around $120 a barrel.  source Lagos -  Some-small scale operators and commercial motorists plying Lagos roads on Sunday lamented over the increasing price of diesel which now stands at N200 per litre in most of the filling stations in Lagos. They told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in interviews that the increasing price had… In "Business" Osogbo  - Pump price of petrol has continued to increase in towns across the country as scarcity of the product persists on Wednesday, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. A survey by NAN in major cities across the country shows that long queues have characterised the few fuel stations… In "Business" LAGOS (Sundiata Post) - More tank firms are running out of petroleum products in Apapa area of Lagos as a result of the lingering problem of foreign exchange scarcity. Oil marketers told Sundiata Post that most of them had stopped importing products since June due to exchange rate hike and… In "Business"