By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – President of the 9th Senate, Ahmed Lawan has eulogised the Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on the ocassion of his 65th birthday, saying he is a significant part of the success story of Buhari’s government. Lawan’s goodwill message was contained in a statement signed by his Special Adviser (Media), made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja. The statement reads in full: The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, joins compatriots across the country in offering best wishes to the Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo, on the auspicious occasion of his 65th birthday on Tuesday. Lawan congratulates Osinbajo on marking the day in good health of body and mind, and in position of invaluable service to his beloved country, Nigeria.“I rejoice with His Excellency, the Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo on this day. “Professor Osinbajo has proved his mettle in his chosen career, the legal profession, as well as in politics and governance.“He has brought into public service integrity, humility, loyalty and a cerebral approach to solving public challenges. “He has consistently exhibited these attributes since he stepped into his first high public office over two decades ago.“Ever since, Professor Osinbajo has been a dedicated public servant, which has enabled him to become a significant part of the success story of Buhari government. “I wish him many happy returns of the day and more years of good health and continued service to his father land,” Lawan says.Signed:Ola Awoniyi Special Adviser (Media) to President of the Senate. ABUJA, (Sundiata Post) -- Former Minister of the Federal Capital Territory, (FCT) Senator Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed, has refuted Sahara Reporters publication that he attended a meeting in Saudi Arabia where a plan to remove the Acting President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo was hatched. The former minister, who recalled his antecedents as… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - An international human rights organisation, Opinion Nigeria, has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to tender his resignation letter without delay to pave way for the confirmation of (acting) Vice President Yemi Osinbajo (SAN) as President. The ON which premised its demand on health reasons, argued that… In "News" By Nse Anthony-Uko, ABUJA, (Sundiata Post) – A Civil Society Organisation, Opinion Nigeria has called for the immediate resignation of President Muhammadu Buhari and subsequent confirmation of the Acting President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo as substantive president of the country. Jeff Okoroafor, President, Opinion Nigeria, in a letter on Friday, said… In "News"