resident Muhammadu Buhari has withdrew his support to the governor of Niger State, Abubakar Sani Bello, to act as the acting chairman of the Extraordinary Convention Committee, CECC of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC. According to the governor of Kaduna State, Nasir El-Rufai, the president had ordered for the removal of the governor of Yobe Mai Mala Buni and his replacement with the governor of Niger State over allegations that Mr Buni was planning against the March 26 national convention of the party. DAILY NIGERIAN reports that the scheme however failed when the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, refused to recognise Mr Bello as the acting party chairman. Although the president had earlier in a statement appealed for calm, he explicitly threw his weight behind Mr Buni in a letter addressed to the chairman of the APC governors forum and governor of Kebbi State, Abubakar Bagudu. READ ALSO: Ganduje’s Child’s Protection Bill scales 2nd Reading at Kano Assembly“As you are, no doubt aware, the All Progressives Congress, APC, is currently facing a litany of controversies and some level of uncertainties that may ultimately question its status and affect the status and feasibility of its proposed National Convention. “In addition, it has come to my attention that, because of recent events, the APC is faced with a multiplicity of court cases pending against it in various courts across the country. As a result of this, the party faces the possibility and prospect of the invalidation of all its activities and actions by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). “Furthermore, the party has demonstrated its inability to proceed with the issue of effecting change in the leadership of its Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Committee (CECC), in a way that is inclusive, legal and respectful of the time limit set and required for giving the INEC sufficient notice of the time and venue for holding its convention. READ ALSO: Plateau Assembly lawmaker, Baba-Hassan, has requisite certificates to contest election, witness tells court“No doubt, these controversies and uncertainties, as enumerated above, pose a real threat to the party; and may lead to a possible non-recognition of its activities, elections and the probable invalidation of all its other actions by INEC. This may ultimately even lead its implosion and non-existence. “There is, therefore, an urgent need for the party to, as much as possible, avoid all controversies, litigations and all other necessary distractions and quickly get its acts together. “In view of the foregoing, therefore, I would like now to direct as a. First, the issue of the leadership of the Caretaker Extra Ordinary Convention Committee (CECC), should immediately return to status quo ante; b. Second, all members of the Governors’ Forum and their followers should desist from any behaviour or utterance that will likely lead to disunity in the ranks of the party, and ultimately jeopardise the transition to the convention; c. Third, the Mai Mala Buni-led CECC should, accordingly, be allowed to proceed with all necessary preparations to hold the convention as planned- unfailingly, on 26th March, 2022,” the letter read. Emotions are running high as fresh crisis looms in the ranks of the ruling All Progressives Congress following the emergence of Governor Abubakar Sani Bello of Niger State as the new acting national chairman of the party’s Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC). The party had been polarised into factions… In "Politics" Abuja - Fresh reports have emerged on plots by the “cabal” around President Muhammadu Buhari failed to use the president’s name to remove Yobe State Governor, Mai Mala Buni as the chairman of the Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) of the All Progressive Congress (APC). Recall that a national… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - As the crisis rocking the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC) reaches the roof stage, a formidable youth group of the party, the APC Youth Development and Solidarity Forum (APC-YDSF), on Monday, recommended the expulsion of Gov. Abubakar Bello from the party. At an… In "Politics"