Sacked Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi has hired 18 Senior Advocates of Nigeria to defend him in court.  This comes after he was removed by Justice Inyang Ekwo of the Federal High Court alongside his deputy, Kelechi Igwe, on Tuesday for dumping the Peoples Democratic Party to join the All Progressives Congress. Justice Ekwo had, in a judgment on Tuesday, restrained Umahi and Igwe from parading themselves as governor and deputy governor of the state on the grounds that they contested the 2019 governorship poll on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party. On Wednesday, Umahi confirmed that he has engaged the services of no fewer than 18 SANs. The governor also denied attacking the judiciary, pointing out that the lawyers of the PDP did the ‘hatchet job’, and not Justice Ekwo. Umahi stated this, in Abakaliki, during a solidarity rally in his support, on Wednesday. “There is no need to entertain any fear. Go about your business very peacefully and let me assure the NBA Chairman that he is a perfect gentleman and that we will never insult the judiciary, we have confidence in the judiciary and I know they will do the right thing and we have engaged eight SANs to proceed to Abuja, we have engaged 10 SANs to produce to Enugu,” Umahi stated.  Source •Sacked Ebonyi State Governor, Dave Umahi Governor David Umahi has reacted to the Tuesday judgement of the Federal High Court in Abuja that declared his seat and that of his deputy, Kelechi Igwe, vacant. Governor Umahi said Justice Inyang Ekwo lacks the power to remove him from office and has… In "Top Stories" The Ebonyi State, David Umahi, on Wednesday withdrew his uncomplimentary remarks about Justice Inyang Ekwo of the Federal High Court, Abuja, who ordered his removal from office 24 hours earlier. The judge had on Tuesday ordered the governor and his deputy, Kelechi Igwe, to vacate their offices immediately following their… In "Politics" The governor of Ebonyi State, Dave Umahi, and his Deputy, Dr Kelechi Igwe have removed from office. The duo were sacked by a Federal High Court in Abuja today. The court sacked the governor and his deputy on account of their unlawful defection from the Peoples Democratic Party PDP to… In "News"