By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Nigerians have been urged to support the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), political parties, Civil Society Organisations, as well as security agencies towards strengthening democratic process in the country. The urge was made by the Coalition of INEC accredited Domestic Election Observer Group, at a press conference, held in Jos. The text of the press conference, read by Bafunshoo Tunde, after observing the bye-elections that held in Plateau State said INEC should always be preparing for elections ahead of time. “INEC should strive towards the (sic) improvement on the credibility already attend during the organisation and conduct of the bye-elections on the timely production/distribution of the electoral materials and working as scheduled (sic),” he said. According to him the Federal Government should expedite action to provide adequate funding for the INEC and make it autonomous. “INEC should synergies with CSOs to embark on voter education and sensitization before elections are conducted,” the Coalition recommended. Qua’an Pan (Plateau)   - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) in Jos says it has seized seven Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) from under aged voters and five party agent cards during the Qua’an Pan North House of Assembly bye-election. Prof. Anthonia Simbini, INEC National Commissioner, North Central, made the disclosure… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Chairman of Independent National Electoral Commission, (INEC), Prof Mahmood Yakubu has assured that the standard of professional conduct, displayed by INEC officials and the security agencies in the Edo, Ondo and Anambra State Governorship elections will be maintained in all forthcoming polls,… In "Top Stories" By Emmanuel Oloniruha   Abuja   -       The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has issued certificate of return to senators-elect, Ahmad Kaita, (APC, Katsina North) and Lawal Yahaya Gumau, (APC, Bauchi South) elected on Saturday in bye-elections. The Commission in a statement issued by its Director of… In "News"