Facts have emerged on how the Deputy Inspector General of Police in charge of the Force Criminal Investigation Department, Joseph Egbunike, died, The Eagle Online reports. Highly placed sources in the Force Headquarters, Abuja revealed that he did not die in the office as earlier reported. Egbunike, according to available information, died in a top rated hospital in the Federal Capital Territory, abuja. His Orderly was said to be with him when he breathed his last. According to one of the sources, Egbunike had on Tuesday evening complained about chest pain. He was said to have clutched his chest for an extended period of time. He then requested to be taken to the hospital. According to the sources, on getting to the hospital, Egbunike put on his face mask and alighted from the vehicle himself. The Eagle Online was told that he walked into the hospital unaided. After he was allocated a bed, a source further revealed to The Eagle Online that he was put on oxygen. After a while, he was said to have started struggling for breadth, with the Orderly holding and trying to calm him down, with the source adding: “In the process, he was even the one that removed the oxygen attached to his nose. “That was how he died. “He actually didn’t collapse in the office contrary to the report in the media.” Egbunike, the sources further told The Eagle Online, died of heart attack. He was said to have taken his health seriously, not sparing whatever it takes to keep healthy. The sources said he does his checkup regularly in standard and approved hospitals in Nigeria and outside the country, including the United States of America. (The Eagle Online) The Deputy Inspector-General and the head of the Nigeria Police Force Criminal Investigation Department (FCID), according to Sahara Reporters died inside his office in Abuja in the late hours of Tuesday, 8th of March. Until his death, Egbunike was in charge of the highest investigating arm of the Nigeria Police.… In "News" Nigeria's Inspector General of Police (IGP), Alkali Usman Baba, has announced the overhauling of police operations in Anambra ahead of next week's governorship election. This was made known in a statement on Tuesday, signed by Force spokesperson, DCP Frank Mba. According to the statement, the overhauling includes the deployment of… In "News" Justice Inyang Ekwo of a Federal High Court Abuja on Monday directed that the order he made on November 5 be served on the Inspector-General of Police, Usman Alkali Baba, Attorney General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami (SAN) and four others. The PUNCH reported that the court had on November… In "News"