The Inspector-General of Police (I-G), Mr Usman Baba has ordered immediate ban on the use of unapproved uniforms by police officers on duty. The Acting Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), CSP Olumuyiwa Adejobi, made this known in a statement on Friday in Abuja. The I-G had expressed dismay over the flagrant violation of the approved Nigeria Police Force dress code by officers on patrol and guard, stop and search, and other routine police operations. According to him, the officers have formed the habit of wearing t-shirts and face caps with “Special Forces”, “Commando”, “Gallant MOPOL”, “SCORPION”, and other inscriptions while on duty. Baba described the use of unapproved apparels as unacceptable, added that, uniform, which was a means of identification, had been abused by officers who engaged in improper dressing. He lamented the fear the unwholesome practice would create in the minds of innocent Nigerians.READ ALSO: I was verbally suspended for 28-yrs over false allegation — Police Sergeant Baba, therefore, ordered that all police officers detailed for patrol, stop and search, check point, and other routine operational duties must be in approved uniforms for easy identification. “All Police disciplinary units particularly the Force Provost Marshal, the I-G X-Squad and Monitoring Unit must ensure the strict enforcement of the directive with severe sanctions for erring officers. “All supervisory officers would be held vicariously liable in the event that personnel under their command violate this order,” he said. He pledged the commitment of the Force leadership to promote strategic police reforms geared at sanitising operational engagements, bequeathing to the nation, a professional policing system as required. ABUJA - The Inspector-General of Police, Mr Suleiman Abba, on Thursday warned the inspectorate, rank and file cadre in the police that the force would no longer condone any act of indiscipline. Abba, in a statement issued by Mr Emmanuel Ojukwu the force spokesman, warned that those caught in the… In "News" Enugu - he Police Service Commission (PSC) says every police officer deployed for election duties must be on uniform with their names and numbers visible. The Commissioner representing South East Zone and the Organised Private Sector in the commission, Chief Nkemka Jombo-Ofo said this on Tuesday while briefing newsmen in… In "Metro" The Kogi State Police Command on Wednesday announced an indefinite ban on rally, public procession and demonstration in all parts of the state. The Commissioner of Police (CP), Mr. Wilson Inalegwu, who made the announcement in Lokoja during a meeting with area commanders, divisional police officers and senior police personnel… In "News"