President Muhammadu Buhari has been urged to resign for failing millions of Nigerians who voted him into power.  Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue state made the call as he said Buhari should immediately hand over power to his vice, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo because he’s a failure. The governor who is a strong critic of the Buhari administration made the call at a press conference in Makurdi on Monday, March 14. He alleged that the president failed Nigerians in all areas of his electoral promises, especially with the worsening insecurity in the country. “The Federal Government has completely failed and I want to call on President Muhammadu Buhari to accept the fact that he has failed this country and I want to advise him to honourably resign as president of Nigeria.Yes, he can resign and hand over to his deputy to handle the affairs of this country. Otherwise, this country will be going down” he said The governor lamented the continued killings going on in his home local government of Guma and other parts of the state by suspected herders militia as well as banditry snuffing lives out of citizens in parts of the country. He said it had become unreasonable to continue to cry for help without any decisive actions taken by the federal government to end the menace of invasions on Benue villages, adding that his people are now ready to take up arms prescribed by the law to defend themselves. “I was part of those who worked for President Muhammadu Buhari in 2015 based on the promises he gave to us that he would be president for everybody and for nobody. But, today we have seen clearly that he is president for Fulani people. So, every day we have seen the level of nepotism going on in this country.I know that it’s is happening in other states of the federation but I’m talking about my state where I’m elected as governor to provide good governance and security for lives and property.So, I talk about these things. It’s unfortunate and I pray for my colleagues and people of various states that let God help us. And more than praying, we must act because for me as a student of the Bible I know that faith without work is dead. So action must be taken.I’m going to take my action, I have consulted with my people and I know what to do which is not for public consumption. We are going to take decisive action because enough is enough.We have cried enough and no more crying. After those press conferences, I’m not going to tell anybody about how many people have been killed in any of my local governments any longer. We will take steps and complement the security agencies but we are not going to compromise our peace and security again. This is enough.The 1.5million people I have in the camps were chased away from their homes by those terrorist people.“The security men have done their best from 2017 to date, more than 100 security personnel have been killed. They are doing their best and I must admit that they are grossly inadequate” he said.  source Prominent groups and Nigerians from different walks of life, on Sunday, took a swipe at the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), over Friday’s abduction of students of the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. Most of those who reacted said Buhari had failed and said they were shocked… In "News" •Fr. Ejike Mba In 2015, when Reverend Father Camilus Ejike Mbaka, Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministries Enugu, Nigeria, (AMEN), predicted that President Goodluck Jonathan would not return to Aso Rock, that Muhammadu Buhari would win the 2015 Presidential Election, it was like most members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP),… In "Opinion" …urges President Buhari to resign By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Worried by sustained attacks and killings of citizens of the state by militia herdsmen, Governor Samuel Ortom has declared that henceforth, decisive actions will be taken against the invaders. Governor Ortom who made the declaration Monday, March 14th,… In "Top Stories"