The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has released the final list of candidates for the Ekiti State governorship election holding later this year.The umpire made the announcement in a statement issued by Festus Okoye,National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, on Monday. See table below: The full statement reads: On Wednesday 16th February 2022, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) published the personal particulars and list of candidates (Form EC9) for the Ekiti State Governorship election in our State and Local Government offices as required by law. In compliance with the Electoral Act 2022, the Commission hereby publishes the final list of candidates for the election following the close of nominations by political parties. The Commission wishes to remind political parties that under Section 32(2) of the Electoral Act 2022, any party that observes that the name of its candidate is missing from the list “shall notify the Commission in writing, signed by its National Chairman and Secretary, supported with an affidavit not later than 90 days to the election”. Furthermore, the attention of parties is drawn to Section 32(3) of the Electoral Act 2022, which provides that failure to notify the Commission “shall not be ground to invalidate the election”. The final list is published in our State and Local Government offices in Ekiti State as well as our website and social media platforms for public information as required by law. Political parties are enjoined to note the provision of the law for compliance. Festus Okoye EsqNational Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee.Monday 14th March 2022. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has warned parties participating in the Ekiti and Osun Governorship elections as well as scheduled bye-elections against presenting unqualified candidates. Any party that flouts the order will be liable to a fine of N500, 000, the electoral umpire cautioned. A statement by National Commissioner… In "News" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has published the final list of candidates for the Sept. 19 Governorship Election in Edo State. The commission disclosed this in a statement issued by Festus Okoye,INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, in Abuja on… In "Politics" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja -   The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has fixed July 14, 2018 and Sept. 22, 2018 for governorship elections in Ekiti and Osun States respectively. INEC National Commissioner and Chairman Voter Education and Publicity, Prince Solomon Soyebi, disclosed this while reading the timetables and schedule… In "Politics"