British Prime Minister Boris Johnson urged other leaders on Saturday to join a six-point plan to respond to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, ranging from humanitarian support to inflicting the most economic pain possible on Moscow. Ahead of meetings with leaders from Canada, the Netherlands and Central Europe in London next week, Johnson said on Saturday that Russian President Vladimir Putin’s invasion had to fail and be seen to fail. “It is not enough to express our support for the rules-based international order – we must defend it against a sustained attempt to rewrite the rules by military force,” Johnson said in a statement. He listed his objectives, which included an international humanitarian coalition for Ukraine, support for its self-defence and maximising economic pressure on Moscow. Johnson also called for diplomatic paths for de-escalation with the full involvement of Ukraine’s government, stronger security in the European-Atlantic area, and an end to the “creeping normalisation” of Russian activities in Ukraine. After meeting the prime ministers of Canada and the Netherlands on Monday, Johnson is due to host leaders from the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia – countries experiencing an influx of refugees caused by the invasion – on Tuesday. Britain is planning to move more quickly to sanction Russian businessmen through new legal measures which will be sent to parliament on Monday. Russian President Vladimir Putin said Western sanctions were akin to war as his forces pressed their assault on Ukraine on Saturday for a 10th day and the IMF warned the conflict would have a "severe impact" on the global economy. Moscow and Kyiv traded blame over failed plans for a… In "Foreign" It has been revealed that the United States, Canada and other European countries have so far responded to urgent Ukrainian appeals for military equipment. According to AFP reports, some of the countries, including Sweden, have started to send military or humanitarian aid to Ukraine since Russia invaded on Thursday.Here are… In "News" BRUSSELS/DONETSK (Reuters) - NATO said on Monday there was a "high probability" that Russia could launch an invasion of Ukraine, where the government said its troops have been closing in on Donetsk, the main city held by pro-Russian rebels. Kiev said it was in the "final stages" of recapturing Donetsk,… In "Foreign"