By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Three presidential aspirants under the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) namely; Dr Bukola Saraki and Governors of Bauchi and Sokoto states, Senator Bala Mohammed and Rt Hon Aminu Waziri Tambuwal respectively have agreed to achieve a consensus amongst them. The trio which reached the agreement today in Bauchi said though each of them has indicated an interest in becoming the next President of Nigeria, but that they also believe this is the time to place the interest of millions of Nigerians above personal interest, especially now that Nigerians are eagerly looking towards the PDP to bail out the country. Bukola Saraki disclosed this on Sunday in a statement he released via his Facebook page. The statement reads in full: This afternoon, I was in Bauchi State to meet with my brothers, the Governors of Bauchi and Sokoto States, Sen. Bala Mohammed and Rt. Hon. Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, to discuss the state of the nation and deliberate on what our joint response should be on the search for solutions as we approach 2023. We agreed that our country is in a very dicey situation and that we should work together to provide good leadership. We believe that the ruling party which is so embroiled in crisis and is unable to manage its affairs, cannot effectively administer the country. Therefore, going forward, Nigerians are eagerly looking towards the PDP to bail out the country. We believe this is the time to place the interest of millions of Nigerians above personal interest. Therefore, even though each of us has indicated an interest in becoming the next President of Nigeria, the three of us have resolved to achieve a consensus amongst us, as a first step, and then hold further discussions with others within the party. We will continue to update party members and the public on further developments as we hold more meetings. This is a process that we are determined to follow to a successful conclusion. I thank my brothers, Governors Mohammed and Tambuwal for their patriotism and sincerity. We will continue to give hope to our people and work in the interest of our dear country. May Allah help us, Saraki added. Recall that Governor Bala Mohammed who declared his intention to contest the 2023 presidential election when he paid a visit to former President Goodluck Jonathan in company of Prof Udenta Udenta last month, assured Jonathan that he will only not contest if he (Jonathan) decides to contest under any political platform. Sundiata Post posits that with the agreed consensus amongst these three and their intention to hold further discussions with other aspirants within the party, the PDP may, in the final analysis, adopt consensus option as the best method to select their flag-bearer for the 2023 presidential election. By Ayo Akanni ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The President of the Senate Bukola Saraki; Speaker of the House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara; Governor Sokoto State, Aminu Tambuwal; former Governor of Kano State, Rabiu Kwankwaso, and about 50 other members of the New PDP (nPDP) group in the ruling All Progressives… In "Politics" Proxy war among contenders for the 2023 presidential ticket of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is gathering steam, it was learnt yesterday. Those who have signified interest for the opposition party’s slot include former Vice President Atiku Abubakar; former Senate presidents Pius Anyim and Bukola Saraki, governors Aminu Tambuwal (Sokoto)… In "Politics" The search for a consensus national chairmanship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), suffered setback on Wednesday night as a scheduled meeting of the Northern stakeholders did not hold. The botched meeting billed to hold at the Bauchi Governor’s lodge had the presence of Governors Bala Mohammed, Samuel Ortom,… In "Top Stories"