Legendary actor, Pete Edochie has expressed gratitude to God as he turns 75 on Monday, March 7.  The veteran says he is happy his faculties are still complete aas he turns a new age in a video posted on Instagram to celebrate his birthday.Speaking on how he feels being 75, he said: “How does it feel being 75, you know I’ve heard a lot of people say that age is just a number. Anybody who says that should subject himself to psychiatric evaluation because as you age you feel it within yourself but you try as much as possible not to allow it weigh you down.”The veteran also said he was grateful for his new age because most of his colleagues who started with him are no longer alive and despite the medical challenges, his faculties are still complete.“So I want to start by thanking the Almighty God for helping me get this far, most of my colleagues who started with me are no longer there, may their souls rest in peace. It is not easy being 75, you are prone to several medical challenges, but you just have to keep moving on but I’m happy that my faculties are still complete, so once more, I thank the Almighty God.he wrote…  source Over the week, a controversial US-based illustrator, Lotanna Odunze, aka Sugabelly, gave her two cents about the acting prowess of veteran actor, Pete Edochie. Sugabelly wrote on her Twitter page, “Pete Edochie is a really bad actor. He’s been playing the same role his entire life. “Acting isn’t quoting proverbs.… In "Entertainment" Pete Edochie, the veteran Nollywood actor, has expressed concerns about the increasing patronage of cosmetic surgeries by Nigerian ladies. The veteran thespian, via a video posted on his Instagram page, asked why young ladies seem obsessed with boob and butt enlargement surgeries. During an interview with Adakarl TV, Edochie said,… In "Entertainment" Actor Yul Edochie has hoped former Vice President Atiku Abubakar will support him for his 2023presidential ambition. Yul, who ran for Governorship in Anambra under the Democratic People’s Congress (DPC) in 2017, hinted sometime in February that he will seek election as President in 2023. According to him, his father,… In "Features"