The first images of in the custody of immediate past governor of Anambra State, Chief Willie Obiano, in the custody of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) have emerged after a video of him in detention went viral late yesterday, Saturday, March 19, 2022. In the 20 seconds video, Obiano is seen dressed in a red shorts and brown T-Shirt as he discusses with an unidentified man who appears to be a visitor. Both are seen seated on a long iron chair in what appears to be the EFCC Reception. The former governor is seen looking sober as he intermittently sips bottled water. It is not clear who recorded and released the video. Sundiata Post recalls that Obiano, who governed Anambra State for eight years, was arrested at about 8.30p.m., on Thursday, March 17, at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos, on his way to Houston, Texas, U.S after handing over to his successor, Prof. Chukwuma Charles Soludo, earlier in the day. He was detained overnight before being moved to the EFCC Headquarters in Abuja, the Nigerian capital. The commission’s spokesperson, Wilson Uwujiaren, said that Obiano had been on the EFCC’s watch list for some months, adding that his immunity as a governor prevented his arrest until he handed over to his successor. Uwujiaren said the commission had requested the Nigeria Immigration Service to provide information on the former governor’s movement out of the country from airports, or other points of exit from the country. Nigeria's Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami has been accused of instigating the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission against the Governor of Anambra State, Willie Obiano. The Anambra State government alleged that Malami is the one pushing the EFCC to go after Obiano for political… In "News" Mr Willie Obiano, former Governor of Anambra State ABUJA - Mr. Willie Obiano, former Governor of Anambra State was arrested for alleged misappropriation of public funds. This is according to a source at the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). Mr Obiano was arrested by the EFCC on Thursday evening… In "Top Stories" •Ex-Governor Willie Obiano LAGOS - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission on Thursday arrested former Anambra State Governor, Willie Obiano at the Murtala Muhammad International Airport Lagos, Channels TV reports. Obiano, who has been on the Commission’s watchlist, was arrested at about 8.30pm. He was reportedly on his way out… In "Top Stories"