The Senate has approved its conference committee report on the Nigeria Postal Services Act (Repeal and Re-enactment) Bill, 2022. This followed the adoption of the committee report on the bill, presented by Deputy Senate Leader, Robert Boroffice (APC-Ondo ) at Tuesday’s plenary.Presenting the report, Boroffice, said the committee met and deliberated on the two versions of the bill as passed by the two chambers. “The committee observed that the version passed by House of Representatives included further amendments made on the version passed by Senate which exhaustively incorporated issues that are acceptable to majority of stakeholders in Nigerian Postal industry.“As part of the process of further engagement with the stakeholders, new facts and positions emerged and these have been fully articulated and incorporated in the version of House of Representatives,” he said.He said that after extensive deliberations, the committee adopted the Senate version in clauses 3(3),28(5) 35(1), and 36(1) while clauses 8(1); 9(n),10(1); 33(t), 68(2)(b),72(1) and 75 of House of Representatives’ version of the Bill were adopted. The Senate, thereafter, approved the committee’s report on the NIPOST bill, 2022.  (NAN) There are strong indications that the National Assembly will ignore opposition to some provisions of the Petroleum Industry Bill recently passed by the Senate and the House of Representatives. The PUNCH on Wednesday gathered that after the harmonisation of the versions of the bill passed by the Senate and the… In "Politics" According to a report by The Nation, the Senate on Tuesday passed the Nigerian Postal Service (Repeal and Reenactment) Bill, 2021, which effectively restricted the agency to only postal operations in the country. The Bill also unbundled the agency by creating a commission to regulate its affairs. The lingering controversy… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has passed the Nigerian Postal Service (Repeal and Reenactment) Bill, 2021, which seeks to unbundle the agency to ensure efficiency in service delivery.  Also passed during plenary on Tuesday was a bill to enact the Medical and Dental Practitioners Bill to… In "Top Stories"