By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has sought for greater synergy between government and security agencies in order to fish out criminal elements and their collaborators to stamp out insecurity in the state. The Governor made the call Monday, March 7th, 2022 in his opening remarks at the State Security Council meeting held at the New Banquet Hall of the Benue Peoples House Makurdi. “I appreciate the security agencies, the police, the army, the Civil Defence and the Department of Security Services, DSS. They have given us backing to apprehend those who trespass on the Open Grazing Prohibition and Ranches Establishment Law. They have been doing very well. But I seek for greater synergy among the security agencies and support to fish out some of those criminal elements that are creating problem. He said that reports reaching him indicate that some persons have been collecting money from herdsmen and “supposedly given them permission to come and graze even right in Makurdi town. I don’t understand. So I seek for greater synergy that we have to work together to respect the law.” He stressed that “we must work together as a Government to surmount this challenge. No body should be spared. If individuals, those in government, traditional rulers and security agents are found to be complicit to the challenge that we have today with herdsmen we must work together to expose them. It will serve as deterrence to others,” the governor maintained. On the crisis in Ikpayongo, in Gwer East local government area, a settlement on the outskirts of Makurdi the state capital, the governor lamented how the people have refused to stick to the peace agreement they had earlier signed. He said even after the state government had initiated “several meetings to resolve the matter, as I talk to you, there are still issues, burning of houses, killings and destructions. It is something we all have to address here today,” the Governor stated. The Governor was also furious with the upsurge in the vandalisation of railway tracks by criminals in the state who he alleged to sometimes get cover from some unscrupulous elements in the security agencies. He then charged the security council members to get to the root of the issues outlined for discussion for improved security in the state. Governor Ortom commended the security agencies for their unrelenting efforts that had led to relative peace in the state and encouraged them to sustain the tempo in order the ensure a more secured state. •Governor Ortom MAKURDI - Benue State Governor Samuel Ortom on Saturday disclosed how he survived an assassination attempt by killer herdsmen even as he called on President Muhammadu Buhari and security agencies to fish out the criminals terrorising the state. Ortom spoke to reporters after surviving an attack allegedly carried out… In "Top Stories" By Donald Ugwu Abuja - Gov. Samuel Ortom of Benue on Tuesday reported fresh killing of two policemen in Benue to President Muhammadu Buhari, urging prompt action to stop the carnage and arrest those behind it. He disclosed this to State House correspondents after he briefed Mr President on the… In "Top Stories" From Rose Ejembi, Makurdi Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom, has raised the alarm over recent flooding in Makurdi, the state capital. The governor specifically pleaded with the Federal Government to come to the state’s rescue and warned that if urgent steps were not taken, the sad experience of 2012 may… In "News"