The national secretariat of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has been surrounded by men of the Nigerian Police Force.  There had been media reports that President Muhammadu Buhari has allegedly approved the removal of the Yobe State Governor, Mai Mala Buni, as the Chairman, Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) of the party and in his stead, appointed his Niger State counterpart, Abubakar Sani Bello.A faction of the APC governors was alleged to have complained bitterly to the president that Buni was not inclined to hold the convention as rescheduled, because there were no preparations on the ground to indicate so.However, the police cordoned off the secretariat as early as around 8 am on Monday.The police numbering about 80 came with 11 vehicles and condoned off the secretariat of the party at Blantyre Street, Wuse 2, Abuja, to prevent any breakdown of law and order.Bello is expected to preside over the Caretaker Committee meeting.But, the National Secretary of the party, Sen. John Akpanudoedehe has denied any leadership change at the Buhari House.Akpanudoedehe, in a hurriedly signed statement issued on Monday, described the media report about leadership change as fake news and should be disregarded.He said: “Our attention has been drawn to sponsored media reports on an imaginary leadership change in the All Progressives Congress (APC) Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC).“The APC is a progressive political party guided by rules. Leadership changes are not announced by ‘sources’ through name dropping in the media.“We urge our teeming supporters, members and indeed the general public to remain calm and support the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led APC CECPC conduct a rancour-free and credible National Convention deserving of our great party.”  source The former Governor of Borno State, Senator Ali Modu Sherrif rumoured to be eyeing the office of the National Chairmanship of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Thursday paid a surprise visit to the national secretariat of the party in Abuja. Sherrif who arrived the party office at about 4.15… In "Politics" Eighteen members of the All Progressives Congress National Working Committee loyal to the party’s sacked National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole, on Thursday, insisted that the APC National Executive Committee meeting attended by the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), was illegal. The NWC members, who said this in a statement signed… In "News" Former House of Representatives member Hon. Patrick Obahiagbon and close associate of Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, the former National Chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), has faulted speculations the Mai Mala Buni-led Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) plans to stay in office till June 2022. He dismissed rumour the… In "News"