Nollywood actress, Annie Idibia, has lamented her ordeal before she married legendary Nigerian musician, Innocent Idibia, popularly known as 2Baba. Featuring in a new reality TV show, Young, Rich and African which premiered on Thursday, Annie broke down in tears as she recounted how hurt she felt when she realised that 2Baba had children with two other women when he dated her first. In a viral clip from the show which emerged on Friday, Annie stated that her first child was 2Baba’s fifth, adding that she faced so much embarrassment. “When you meet someone and then you know them first. But when you wake up, two different people are having a baby for him,” Annie said as she broke down in tears. Speaking to her co-stars on the show, Annie said, “He has five kids with other women. My first child is his fifth, and I met him before everybody. So you know what that is. Do you know how much humiliation and embarrassment (I faced)?” The celebrated musician has fathered seven children by three women, including his wife, Annie. While he and Annie have two girls together, another baby mama, Sumbo Adeoye who has since moved on, has two boys for him. US-based make-up artist, Pero Adeniyi, has three kids comprising two boys and a girl for the multiple award-winning singer. In September last year, Annie had a social media ‘war’ with Pero and the Idibias as she accused her husband of spending time with his baby mama when he travelled abroad. Though Pero was silent about the accusation for some time, she later opened up, stating that Annie’s accusations were false. Popular Nigerian actress, Annie Idibia, in a now-deleted Instagram Story post has accused her husband, Tuface, of infidelity. In the post, Annie claimed that Tuface’s family never found her worthy of him despite all her efforts. She said, “I’m a patient woman, I am not a fool innocent! Your family… In "Entertainment" Award-winning Nigerian artist, Tubaba Idibia has opened up on why he married his wife, Annie Idibia Innocent despite having kids from different women. The artist is a father of seven; 5 from his previous relationships with other women and two with his wife, Annie; Olivia, and Isabella. In an interview… In "Entertainment" The adage ‘Internet never forgets’ has implemented itself in the story of Nollywood Actresses, Chika Ike and another actress, Annie Idibia, who is also the wife of legendary singer, Tuface Idibia. Nigerians, in their usual detective-style curiosity have fished-out their connection with Ned Nwoko, the 59-yr-old billionaire who has been… In "Entertainment"