By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Minister, Federal Ministry of Industry, Trade and Investment, Otunba Richard Adebayo has said the Industrial Training Fund is a crucial agency that the Federal Government cannot ignore in the strategy designed to grow the nations economy. Adebayo said it is crucial to always seek for more partnership with the Fund as it remain one of the leading agency in the development of human capital. The Minister stated this Wednesday in Jos, during the annual Merit Award Ceremony, for the 2021 category, tagged: Actualizing the ITF Mandate in A VUCA World”. Represented by the Director, Policy Planning Research and Statistics, Federal Ministry of Industry, Trade and Investment, Alh Ndakoko Mohammed, Adebayo said the Federal Government expects more from Agencies such as the ITF as it strives to grow the National economy and resolve other challenges that are confronting the country. According him: “Of great concern to the Federal Government is the need to urgently address the rising tide of unemployment and poverty in the country today. It is in this regard that the Federal Government recently unveiled several initiatives including the National Development Plan (NDP), 2021-2025. “The Government believes that for these programmes to be fully achieved, organisations like the ITF have a vital role to play, especially in the area of human capacity development for Nigerians”, he said. Earlier in his remarks, the Director General, Industrial Training Fund, Sir Ari Joseph, said in 2021, the Fund as part of efforts to equip Nigerians with skills in ICT for them to exploit the numerous opportunities existing in the sector, ITF implemented the Infotech Skills Empowerment Programme (ISEP), which is aimed at providing youths with specialized ICT skills and empowering them with emerging ICT skills to enhance their employment opportunities. Ari said the 520 beneficiaries, who were drawn from Benue, Gombe, Delta, Katsina, Osun, Ebonyi, Plateau and the FCT, were equipped with cutting edge skills for employability both locally and internationally, by enrolling them for appropriate Professional Certification such as CISCO Advanced Computer Networking Certification (CCNA), Computer Networking Certification (CompTia N+) and Computer Hardware Maintenance and Repairs (CompTia A+). “Also, as a proactive and dynamic organisation and in response to the challenges caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Fund in the preceding year, automated most of its business processes, which made it easier for us to conduct our operations. “Aspects of our business processes that were automated includes, the ITF E-Pay portal, Enterprise Resource Planning Solutions, IPSAS Compliant Financial System, Self Service Portal, Procurement System, Payroll System, Comprehensive Human Resource Management System, Career Module, Computerised Retiree Pension System, General Service Module, and Computer- Based Testing”. Ari said other aspects that are undergoing perfection in the automated system include: the ITF Legal Work Flow and Case Management System, Stock and Inventory Management System, Document Management System, SIWES System, Fixed Asset System, Corporate Databank and Planning System, and Reimbursement System. By Martha Agas Mr Joseph Ari, the Director-General of Industrial Training Fund (ITF), recently said that the fund had trained many Nigerians on various vocations as a method of empowering them. In a forum it organised for public office holders in Jos, he said that the fund trained 30,000 youths… In "News" By Emmanuella Anokam Uyo, - The Industrial Training Fund (ITF), has called for urgent formulation of National Skills Policy to fast-track skills development and empowerment in the country. Mr Joseph Ari, Director-General, ITF made the  call while speaking with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Uyo on the… In "News" The Minister of Trade, Industry and Investment, Niyi Adebayo, has announced plans by the Federal Government to collaborate with investors to implement backward integration programme across key selected priority products. These products include palm oil, sugar, cassava starch, cotton textiles and garments. Adebayo disclosed this on Thursday, during his address… In "Business"