ABUJA – A professor of public policy and industrial relations at the University of Abuja, Prof. Isaac N. Obasi has called on Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State to urgently give attention to the rehabilitation of the Ngor-Okpala/Mbaise/Mbano road which has been in bad shape for over 10 years. Obasi, who is also a Sundiata Post columnist, said in a statement made available to newsmen on Monday, that “the condition of this important link road was relatively manageable until former Governor Ikedi Ohakim started some work on it towards the end of his first term in office. The condition of the affected area of the road that was being worked on worsened thereafter. And then his successor former Governor Rochas Okorocha, who spent eight years in office did not do anything noticeable on this very deplorable road. “The coming of former Governor Emeka Ihedioha gave hope that the road would finally be rehabilitated. That hope was realised as he commenced work on the road shortly after assumption of office. Unfortunately, his administration was cut short and the road has ever since then remained hopelessly neglected.” The University of Abuja don said “now that we have a governor whose name is Hope Uzodinma, it is time for that hope that was cut short to come back to live again.” Obasi noted that the importance of the Ngor-Okpala/Mbaise/Mbano road cannot be over-emphasised. “Aside from the fact that it traverses many local government areas and passes through two senatorial districts, it shortens the distance for those traveling from Mbano and even some parts of Orlu to Abia  and Rivers States depending on their particular destination”, he said. Obasi said let the people residing along the areas the road passes get their own share in the shared prosperity philosophy of the Uzodinma administration. “The Urban Renewal programme is no doubt good but the roads in the hinterland deserve good treatment too through their own rural renewal programme. And even if there are rural roads already receiving attention (unknown to us), then the people in the other long neglected areas expect an equitable share from the shared prosperity programme of the administration,” he concluded. Uzodinma-IhediohaThe Coalition of Owerri Zone Social Cultural Organisation, kinsmen of Emeka Ihedioha, has risen in his stout defence, assailing the Imo State House of Assembly for not adopting the rule of law and due process in pursuit of the investigation regarding the N19.63billion, the former Governor of Imo State, was… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A professor of public administration at the University of Abuja, Prof. Isaac N. Obasi has called on the Governor of Imo State, Sir Emeka Ihedioha, to remain focused and build on the foundation he has layed since coming on office on May 29. In a statement… In "News" After the collation of the governorship election results across 23 local government areas of Imo State, the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Emeka Ihedioha, is in a comfortable lead. Mr Ihedioha, a former deputy speaker of the House of Representatives, already polled a total of 212,283 while his… In "Politics"