The alleged N6.9bn money laundering trial of former Ekiti governor, Ayodele Fayose has been adjourned till May 17 by a Federal High Court in Lagos, on Thursday.  The trial, scheduled for continuation on Thursday, was adjourned at the instance of defence.When the case was called, J.A. Obafemi announced appearance for prosecution while S. Olowolafe appeared for defence. He held brief for Ola Olanipekun (SAN).Mr Olowolafe informed the court that the defendant was unavailable in court on health grounds, and prayed for an adjournment.Following absence of any objection, the court adjourned the case until May 17, 18 and 19 for continuation of trial.Mr Fayose is being prosecuted by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) for alleged N6.9 billion fraud and money laundering.He was first arraigned on October 22, 2018, before Justice Mojisola Olatoregun alongside his company, Spotless Investment Ltd., on 11 counts bordering on fraud and money laundering.He had pleaded not guilty and was granted bail on October 24, 2018, in the sum of N50 million with sureties in like sum.  Source By Sandra Umeh Lagos - A Federal High Court in Lagos on Tuesday, further adjourned until June 10, the trial of embattled former Governor of Ekiti State, Ayodele Fayose, facing N6.9 billion fraud charges. The case which was slated for continuation of trial, was further adjourned, as Justice Mojisola Olatoregun… In "Metro" Orji Uzor Kalu's case, which lasted in court for 12 years, came to a dramatic end a few days ago with Justice Mohammed Idris sentencing him to 12 years in prison. ENIOLA AKINKUOTU and TOBIAWORINDE of the Punch report that the list of former governors going to jail may extend in the coming months. The conviction… In "Top Stories" By Sandra Umeh Lagos - A Federal High Court in Lagos on Thursday ordered Sen. Musliu Obanikoro to appear in court on March.18. Obanikoro’s appearance would be for the continuation of his cross examination in the trial of the immediate past governor of Ekiti, Mr Ayodele Fayose who is facing… In "News"