President Vladimir Putin of Russia has been condemned by Pope Francis for invading Ukraine and killing many innocent persons.  Pope Francis said the invasion of Ukraine is ‘not a military operation, but a war sowing destruction, death’. Pope Francis spoke during his Angelus address at the Vatican. The Pope said that the Vatican has sent two cardinals to Ukraine to assist humanitarian efforts and is willing to do “everything” it can for peace in Ukraine.“This is only as a sign of the presence of the Pope but of all people who want to say ‘war is madness, please stop, look at this cruelty!“Rivers of blood and tears are flowing in Ukraine. This is not just a military operation but a war which is sowing death, destruction and misery.” The Pope called for a “return to respecting international law” and urged that evacuation corridors be opened so civilians can escape the conflict. The first Sunday of Lent, at the Vatican in the Apostolic Palace overlooking St. Peter’s Square in Vatican City, had thousands of people holding Ukrainian flags with messages of solidarity with the country under attack. “True happiness and freedom don’t lie in possessing, but in sharing, not taking advantage of others but in loving them, not in the obsession of power, but in the joy of service.“We must be vigilant because they often present themselves under an apparent form of good. In fact, the devil, who is cunning, always uses deception and knows how to disguise himself with sacred, apparently religious motives.“Let’s take our time for silence and prayer, during which we can stop and look at what is stirring in our hearts…” he said.“Placing ourselves before the Word of God in prayer, so that a positive fight against the evil that enslaves us, a fight for freedom, may take place within us,” Pope Francis prayed. Meanwhile, Ukraine and Russia are expected to meet for the third round of negotiations, which both sides had said could take place on Monday. The two delegations last met in the Brest region in western Belarus for two rounds of peace talks and agreed to have humanitarian corridors in place in the embattled cities of Mariupol and Volnovakha to facilitate the evacuation of civilians.  source Rome - Russian President Vladimir Putin will visit Pope Francis for the third time in the first week of July, the Vatican spokesman Alessandro Gisotti confirmed on Thursday. NAN reports that the two leaders first met on Nov. 25, 2013, and again on June 10, 2015. The last meeting in… In "Foreign" Vatican City -  Leading figures in the Catholic Church and international politics have advised Pope Francis not to use the term Rohingya during a trip to Myanmar due to political sensitivities. Hundreds of thousands of Muslim Rohingya have fled Myanmar following a military crackdown that the UN has described as… In "Foreign" VATICAN CITY  - Pope Francis on Tuesday criticised countries which are arming the warring parties in Syria while speaking at the same time of peace. The pontiff did not name any countries. President Bashar al-Assad's government is receiving military and other help from Russia and Iran, while some opposition groups… In "Foreign"