By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Benue State Governor Samuel Ortom has congratulated Anambra State Governor, Professor Charles Soludo and his Deputy, Dr Onyeka Ibezim, on their inauguration and assumption of office. The governor hailed the former Governor of Central Bank of Nigeria(CBN) for his vision which he has promised to make “Anambra a mega-industrialised economy.” This was contained in a statement signed by the Chief Press Secretary to Benue Governor, Nathaniel Ikyur made available to Sundiata Post on Friday. Ortom said that although Soludo was coming into government at a time the economy of the country was at an all-time low, and insecurity has posed a major challenge in the country, “we are confident that you will use your wealth of experience as a renowned economist and a technocrat in the management of CBN to contribute positively to the challenges facing the country.” The Governor expressed confidence that the election of Soludo will usher in a greater cooperation between Benue and Anambra in many ways in terms business and other economic development. He stated: “Let me congratulate you and  your deputy on your assumption of office as Governor and Deputy Governor of Anambra State. I am convinced that you will provide an enduring leadership for the people in appreciation for the massive support they gave you at your election. “I have no doubt that you will bring your wealth of experience, and as one who managed the economy of Nigeria at the highest level to help stabilise these challenges. “You are coming into office at a time the country is going through very difficult times economically and a monstrous insecurity, I have no doubt that you will use your wealth of experience to change the narrative in Anambra, especially as you have assured of making the state an alluring investment destination.” By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Vice Presidential Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in the 2019 general election and former governor of Anambra State, Dr Peter Obi has condemned the reported attack on Prof Charles Soludo where three of his security aides were allegedly shot dead. The former… In "Top Stories" •Prof. Chukwuma Soludo LAGOS (Sundiata Post) - The Igbo Progressive Union (IPU) has condemned the attack on Professor Chukwuma Soludo, a former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) and currently an APGA governorship aspirant in the 6 November 2021 election in Anambra State. In a statement signed by… In "Politics" The Governor of Benue State, Samuel Ortom has sent a congratulatory message to Professor Charles Soludo after he was announced as winner of the Anambra State governorship election. Ortom congratulated the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance in a statement released through his media aide, Nathaniel Ikyur. The… In "News"