Bianca Ojukwu, wife of Odumegwu-Ojukwu has narrated her own side of the incident that transpired between her and the former First Lady of Anambra State, Ebele Obiano on Thursday during the inauguration ceremoney of Charles Soludo as the governor of the state. Narrating the story in a statement on Friday, the former beauty queen, Bianca stated that she was stunned by the stench of whisky in Ebele’s breath which showed that she was “clearly intoxicated”, drunk when she verbally attacked her. Bianca said “She arrived some one-and-a-half hours later while the ceremony was on. I didn’t pay any particular attention to her arrival. Surprisingly, she then walked towards me and I thought she was coming to greet me. Instead, when she got to where I was seated, she verbally attacked me with her voiced raised, taunting me and asking me what I was there to do and using unprintable vile language. “She asked if I had come to celebrate their last day in office. But I ignored her completely. Then, she kept aggressively putting her hands on my shoulders and shouting. While I ignored her verbal onslaught, as advised by those sitting around me, I requested twice that she refrained from touching me with her hands. “She proceeded to do so yet again and went further to grab at my headtie, which she attempted unsuccessfully to remove. This very act is considered a sacrilege to a titled matriarch such as myself in Igbo culture. It was at this point that I stood up to defend myself and gave her a dirty slap to stop her from attacking me. As she made towards me, I then pulled away her wig. “She held on to her wig with her two hands and tried to take the wig away from me. The former APGA chairman, Umeh, told her to leave me and told engaged APGA members that had gathered at the spot to lead her away , which they did and took her to the seat next to her husband Chief Willie Obiano who sat through the entire episode completely speechless. Furthermore, Bianca said what struck her through the whole episode was the fact that Obiano’s wife was clearly intoxicated and she was stunned by the stench of whisky in her breath at such an early hour of the day. “How could a first lady be so drunk and proceeded to turn up in that state at an Inauguration ceremony that began at 9 am? It is unfortunate that she threw all caution to the wind and imported this kind of melodrama to a state ceremony. “This was highly embarrassing to the Governor who left the venue almost immediately, taking her along with him. Luckily, this did not disrupt the proceedings and I stayed back to witness the ceremony to the end after which we were treated to a sumptuous reception at the Government House.” •Ambassador Bianca Ojukwu Ambassador Bianca Ojukwu has given account of what happened yesterday, Thursday, March 17 with regard to the fight incident involving her and Mrs. Ebelechukwu Obiano, wife of Chief Willie Obiano, the immediate past governor of Anambra State. The fight took place during the inauguration of Professor Chukwuma… In "Top Stories" •Former Anambra First Lady, Ebele Obiano, in the middle of the brawl on Thursday AWKA - The Obi of Awka Ancient Kingdom, His Imperial Majesty, the Eze Uzu III of Awka, Obi Austin Ndigwe, has said during the governorship election campaign of the immediate past Governor of Anambra State, Willie… In "Top Stories" •Mrs Ebelechukwu Obiano (left) and Ambassador Bianca Onoh Ambassador Bianca Ojukwu, wife of late Ikemba Nnewi, Chief Emeka Odumegwu- Ojukwu, the eternal leader of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA has congratulated Prof Chukwuma Soludo on his swearing-in as the Governor of Anambra State. Bianca as she is popularly called,… In "Top Stories"