 Nestle (NESN.S), Philip Morris (PM.N) and video gamemaker Sony (6758.T) joined the list of multinationals stepping back from Russia on Wednesday as pressure mounts from consumers in the West to take a stand against the invasion of Ukraine. Nestle, the world’s biggest packaged foods group, and Mondeleze International, followed actions by rivals Procter & Gamble (PG.N) and Unilever (ULVR.L) in halting investment in Russia. But the four companies will continue providing essentials, with Mondelez aiming to help to maintain “continuity” of the Russian food supply. Similarly, while cigarette maker Imperial Brands (IMB.L) suspended operations in Russia, rival Philip Morris only said it would scale down manufacturing, and Camel maker British American Tobacco Plc (BATS.L) said its business in Russia continued to operate, even though it had suspended capital investment. Sony, whose movie studio has already stopped releases in Russia, took additional action on Wednesday, saying its PlayStation gaming unit would stop shipments and operations in Russia. “Sony Interactive Entertainment joins the global community in calling for peace in Ukraine,” it said. Many businesses face difficulty working in Russia due to sanctions and a lack of shipping, in addition to pressure from consumers and investors, and describe ending work in Russia in more practical terms, without blaming the Russian government for attacking Ukraine. Heavy equipment maker Deere & Co (DE.N), saying it was “deeply saddened by the significant escalation of events in Ukraine,” announced it had ended shipments to Russia two weeks ago, and subsequently to Belarus, and said it would follow U.S. and international sanctions. Caterpillar Inc (CAT.N) said it was suspending business as supply chain disruptions and sanctions made business difficult and 3M (MMM.N) followed suit after reassessing its business in Russia. Still, pressure in the West is building. A Rio Tinto (RIO.L) executive early in the day said the miner was working to maintain supplies of Russian fuel to its Mongolian copper mine, but the company later announced it was terminating all commercial relationships with Russian businesses. read more Hotel companies Hilton Worldwide Holdings (HLT.N) and Hyatt Hotels Corp (H.N) said they would suspend development in Russia. read more Coca-Cola Co (KO.N) and McDonald’s Corp (MCD.N) halted sales in Russia on Tuesday in symbolically potent gestures. A senior member of the Russian ruling party has warned that foreign firms that close down could end up having their operations nationalised. read more McDonald’s said the temporary closure of its 847 stores in the country would cost it $50 million a month. read more Sportswear firm Adidas (ADSGn.DE) also quantified the cost of scaling back its operations, saying it would take a hit to sales of up to 250 million euros ($277 million). read more Yum Brands Inc (YUM.N), parent of fried chicken giant KFC, said it was pausing investments in Russia, a market that helped it achieve record development last year. read more Carlsberg (CARLb.CO) said it was suspending Russian brewing of its namesake brand of beer while keeping its Russian Baltika brand operating. “We feel a moral obligation to our Russian colleagues who are an integral part of Carlsberg, and who are not responsible for the actions of the Government,” Carlsberg said, adding it was withdrawing financial guidance for the year. E-commerce company Shopify Inc (SHOP.TO) joined the crowd, saying it would suspend Russian operations and collect no fees from Ukrainian merchants, citing millions of Ukrainian refugees needing support. read more ‘LAWS OF WAR’ In response to the exodus, Andrei Turchak, secretary of the ruling United Russia party’s general council, warned Moscow might nationalise idled foreign assets. “United Russia proposes nationalising production plants of the companies that announce their exit and the closure of production in Russia during the special operation in Ukraine,” Turchak wrote in a statement published on the party’s website on Monday. read more The statement named Finnish privately owned food companies Fazer, Valio and Paulig as the latest to announce closures. “We will take tough retaliatory measures, acting in accordance with the laws of war,” Turchak said. SANCTIONS Moscow, which calls its invasion of Ukraine a “special military operation,” has been hit by sweeping Western sanctions that have choked trade, led to the collapse of the rouble and further isolated the country. Banks and billionaires have also been targeted, with the European Commission preparing new sanctions targeting additional Russian oligarchs and politicians, and three Belarusian banks, Reuters reported. read more While the war in Ukraine and the sanctions have bolstered prices for commodities that Russia exports such as oil, natural gas and titanium, those sanctions have largely barred Moscow from taking advantage of the high prices. On Tuesday the United States banned Russian oil imports. read more U.S. oilfield services company Schlumberger (SLB.N), which derives about 5% of its revenue from Russia, said the ongoing conflict would likely hurt results this quarter. read more Global commodities trader Trafigura Group raised a $1.2 billion revolving credit facility from banks to help address soaring energy and commodity prices. read more Norway’s Yara (YAR.OL), a top fertiliser maker, said on Wednesday it would curtail ammonia and urea output in Italy and France due to surging gas prices By Celeste Perri, Maud van Gaal and Fred Pals For centuries, the fortunes of the Netherlands, the wind-swept country carved out of North Sea wetlands, have relied on preserving the peace with its global trading partners. Last week’s downing of an airliner carrying 193 Dutch nationals is testing one of… In "Foreign" BAYREUTH Germany - It takes a British American Tobacco factory machine three minutes to load 4 million cigarettes onto a truck in northern Bavaria - but it can take a lot longer to figure out whether those cigarettes end up where they should. So the EU is asking tobacco firms… In "Business" Lagos (Lagos State)  -   The Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI), is set to boost bilateral trade relations between Nigeria and Russia through the launch of an e-commerce platform. Mr Muda Yusuf, Director-General of LCCI, said in a statement in Lagos on Wednesday that the platform would increase… In "Business"