A popular man of God has warned the federal government of an impending rise in the dollar exchange rate.  The Leader Of INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, Primate Elijah Ayodele warned that the dollar exchange rate would soon rise to N650 due to the economic challenges. The clergyman noted that the dollar would not return to N200 or N350 again due to the economic challenges that may befall Nigeria if not addressed. In a statement by his spokesman, Oluwatosin Osho, he explained that the country needs special prayer to overcome the economic challenges. According to Ayodele: “The economy will not be any better, and some state governors will be in debt. Workers and banks will face some challenges, we still don’t understand what this economy is talking about, and we need serious prayers at this very crucial time.“There will be an increase in standard and cost of living. Nigeria will still borrow, and we must also be careful of our oil products.“There are a lot of dirty things in NNPC that will open the government to risk. The economy will not smile at all, it will affect the rich and the poor.“I see CBN rushing to print more money to salvage the economic situation of Nigeria, it will be very serious if the government doesn’t act now. The dollar cannot go back to 200 or N350 again, it will soon rise to N650.”  source The Spiritual Leader of INRI Spiritual and Evangelical Church, Oke-Afa, Isolo, Lagos, Primate Babatunde Elijah Ayodele, has reacted to the incessant crisis in the country, saying that some states will seize to exist due to the present economic situation. The primate said the soul of Nigeria was under threat. While… In "News" Primate Elijah Ayodele of INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church has released new shocking prophecies about COVID-19 (Coronavirus). The man of God said the deadly disease is here to stay. Nigeria currently has 873 confirmed cases of the deadly virus and has recorded 25 deaths. Primate Ayodele who issued his prophecies to… In "News" Primate Elijah Ayodele of INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, has urged President Muhammadu Buhari not to extend the lockdown. He said an extension will not help the country and thus said Buhari should allow businesses reopen. Ayodele said in a series of prophesies on Wednesday that the lockdown will not help… In "News"