A member of the House of Representatives from Ogun state, Rep Kolawole Lawal, has advice political leaders in the country to shelve the idea of zoning political offices ahead of the 2023 general is election, saying it will not give Nigerians the desired result. Speaking at a media forum organized by the Correspondents’ Chapel of the Nigerian Union of Journalists (NUJ), Abuja chapter, Lawal who represents Yewa South/Ipokia Federal Constituency of Ogun State said the issue of zoning was not a constitutional matter. He said Nigerians across political divide have not been sincere with the issue of zoning so far, adding that if Nigerians had been sincere with it, there is a particular reference in the Constitution that would have clearly taken care of it. He said since Nigerians are not sincere with the issue of zoning and that it is not well backed by law, it cannot be proudly fought for. He said: “What I have always said on zoning is that we have zoning at the convention. It is like it is almost becoming a tradition. But it is not a constitutional matter; either in the 1999 constitution amended or the active constitution. “If there is sincerity in the issue of zoning, nobody would come out today from the Northern part of Nigeria to say they want to contest the 2023 presidential election of Nigeria. Even the PDP that started it, I am not sure it is in their constitution. If it is required in their constitution, like today now, Atiku will not be waiting to contest. In fact, yesterday he was in Ogun State, where he said he was going to come out soon. That is why I said there is no sincerity with the issue of zoning, and it is not on solid foundation, and therefore, not sacrosanct, even by those who say that they are practicing it. The next general elections may be two years away, but the debate about which part of the country should produce the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate has begun to heat up the polity. While some members of the party have hinted of a possible return of the presidency to… In "Politics" Supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party under the aegis of the PDP National Leaders Forum, have asked the National Executive Committee of the party to reject recommendations made by Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi- led zoning committee. Convener of the forum, Olusola Salam, said this in a statement titled, “Reject proposal on… In "Politics" CONCERTED efforts by Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State, to rally his All Progressives Congress, APC, colleagues to save the party appear to be yielding fruit. Party sources say two indicators point to this. At the meeting with APC governors on Tuesday, President Muhammadu Buhari affirmed his choice of Senator… In "News"