Oil prices sharply increased on Monday on concerns of a pos­sible embargo on Russian oil, which if imposed would limit global supply in an already tight and volatile market. International benchmark Brent crude was trading at $129.81 per barrel at 0658 GMT for a 9.9% gain after closing the previous session at $118.11 a barrel. American benchmark West Texas Intermediate (WTI) trad­ed at $126 per barrel at the same time for an 8.9% increase after the previous session closed at $115.68 a barrel. Sanctions on Russia im­posed by the EU, UK, and US and concerns of possible counter-sanctions from Russia are key drivers for the rise in oil prices. Russia’s war on Ukraine has been met with outrage from the international community, with the imposition of sanctions and with the withdrawal of major international companies from Russia. To further pressure Russia, the US, and European allies are discussing the possibility of putting an embargo on Rus­sian oil exports, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said on Sunday, which triggered the oil price spike. “We are now in very active discussions with our Europe­an partners about banning the import of Russian oil to our countries, while of course, at the same time, maintaining a steady global supply of oil,” Blinken said in an interview on NBC. Meanwhile, Russia an­nounced early Monday that it would declare a “temporary” cease-fire in the Ukrainian cit­ies of Kyiv, Mariupol, Kharkiv, and Sumy from 10.00 a.m. local time (0700 GMT) to allow evac­uation of civilians. Singapore - Oil prices were stable on Monday, largely maintaining gains from the previous session as OPEC-led supply cuts and U.S. sanctions against Venezuela provided the market with support. International Brent crude oil futures were at 62.76 dollars per barrel at 0507 GMT on Monday, 1 cent above their last… In "News" Singapore - Oil inched lower on Tuesday to extend losses of more than three per cent from the previous session, easing after U.S. President Donald Trump called on OPEC to rein in its efforts to boost prices. International Brent futures were at 64.70 dollars a barrel at 0728 GMT, down… In "Business" Singapore -  Oil prices fell on Thursday pressured as U.S. crude stockpiles surged to their highest levels in almost 17 months amid record production and as economic concerns cast doubt over growth in demand for fuel. International benchmark, Brent, futures were at 71.44 dollars per barrel at 0424 GMT, down… In "Business"