President of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelensky has made a vow to his countrymen. . He vowed that he will never surrender to Russia. Zelensky, however, noted that he is ready to dialogue with Russia. Speaking with the United States, USA, television channel, ABC News, the Ukrainian president explained that he would dialogue with Russia to save his citizens. According to Zelensky: “First of all, I’m ready for a dialogue, but we’re not ready for surrender. “Because it’s not about me, it’s about the people who elected me. Regarding NATO, I lost interest in this issue after we realized that NATO is not ready to accept Ukraine. The alliance is afraid of contradictory things and confrontation with the Russian Federation.” He also noted that Ukraine does not want to be a country that “begs for something on its knees, and we are not going to be such a country, I do not want to be such a president. “I’m talking about security guarantees. I think that we can discuss and find a compromise on the points about the temporarily occupied territories and unrecognized republics, which are not recognized by anyone except the Russian Federation.”  source •This handout video grab taken and released by the Ukraine Presidency press service on February 28, 2022 shows Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky delivering an address in Kyiv. UKRAINE PRESIDENCY / AFP Ukraine on Saturday urged the West to amp up military assistance to the besieged country, including warplanes, as Russian… In "Foreign" Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy said on Friday that an all-out war with neighbouring Russia was a possibility and that he wanted to have a substantive meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Asked at the Yalta European Strategy (YES) summit if there could really be an all-out war with Russia, which… In "Foreign" Nigerians love travel and adventure. But Ukraine and its forbiddingly cold capital, Kiev, wasn’t a favourite destination for many years. That is until Pastor Sunday Adelaja of the Embassy of the Blessed Kingdom of God for All Nations, fired the public’s imagination with his evangelical-charismatic brand of the gospel. The… In "Opinion"