By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate has passed a bill for concurrence seeking to establish the National Assembly Library Trust Fund. Also passed for concurrence were three other bills namely, Nigerian Council for Management Development Bill, 2022; Animal Health and Husbandry Technologists Registration Board (Establishment) Bill, 2022; and Federal Medical Centre Billiri, Gombe State (Establishment) Bill, 2022. The four bills were sponsored by the Senate Leader, Yahaya Abdullahi (Kebbi North). Senator Abdullahi, in his presentation, said the National Assembly Library Trust Fund when established, would facilitate research and the provision of library capacity to Legislatures and staff of the National Assembly. In a related development, a total of three bills scaled second reading on Tuesday. The bills seek to establish the Chartered Institute of Mortgage Bankers and Brokers of Nigeria; the Federal University of Medical Sciences, Gwadabawa, Sokoto State; and the Sickle Cell Disease Research  and Treatment Centre. The bills were sponsored by Senators Tolulope Odebiyi (Ogun West), Ibrahim Gobir (Sokoto East) and Akon Etim Eyakenyi (Akwa-Ibom), respectively. The bills after consideration were referred to the Committees on Banking, Insurance and other Financial Institutions; Tertiary Institutions and TETFUND; and Health (Secondary and Tertiary). The Committees were all given four weeks to report back to the chamber in plenary. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has passed the Chatered Institute of Forensic and Fraud Examiners of Nigeria bill and three others for concurrence. The bills were passed moments before the upper chamber adjourned plenary on Tuesday. The four bills for concurrence were sponsored by the Senate… In "Top Stories" No fewer than 40 out of the 48 bills so far passed by the Ahmad Lawan-led 9th Senate, are awaiting either the presidential assent, or the House of Representatives’ concurrence, Sunday PUNCH investigation has revealed. Also, no fewer than 160 out of 287 bills passed by the Bukola Saraki-led 8th… In "News" According to a report by The Nation, the Senate on Tuesday passed the Nigerian Postal Service (Repeal and Reenactment) Bill, 2021, which effectively restricted the agency to only postal operations in the country. The Bill also unbundled the agency by creating a commission to regulate its affairs. The lingering controversy… In "News"