By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate has confirmed the nominations of five Commissioners in the Independent Corrupt Practices and other Related Offences Commission. The confirmation of the nominees, on Wednesday, followed the consideration of a report by the Anti-Corruption and Financial Crimes Committee. Those confirmed include: Senator Anthony Agbo, Anne Otelafu Odey, Alh. Goni Ali Gujba, Dr. Louis Solomon Mandama and Olugbenga Adeyanju AIG (rtd.). Chairman of the Committee, Senator Suleiman Abdu Kwari (Kaduna North), in his presentation, recalled that one of the nominees, Dr. (Mrs) Mojisola Yaya-Kolade was withdrawn by President Muhammadu Buhari, and replaced with Olugbenga Adeyanju AIG (rtd.), who was screened by the Committee. He disclosed that the nominees gave in-depth responses to the questions posed by the Committee on ways they would fulfill the Commission’s mandate. He added that, “the Committee after scrutinizing their credentials was satisfied that the nominees have requisite experience, integrity, professional competence and industry to discharge the functions of the position they were nominated.” Kwari, further disclosed that there was no adverse security reports or petitions against any of the nominees. February 16, (THEWILL) – President Muhammadu Buhari has written to the Senate, seeking for the screening and subsequent Confirmation of a retired Assistant Inspector General of Police (AIG), Olugbenga Adeyanju, from Ekiti State as Commissioner of the Independent Corrupt Practises and other Related Offences Commission (ICPC). Buhari in a letter… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has confirmed seven nominees appointed by President Muhammadu Buhari as National Commissioners and Resident Electoral Commissioner of the Independent National Electoral Commission )INEC.  The confirmation of the nominees on Wednesday followed the consideration of a report by the Senate Committee on… In "Top Stories" Senate on Wednesday confirmed nine nominees to serve as Resident Electoral Commissioners after a report was submitted by the Chairman, Senate Committee on Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Senator Suleiman Nazif at the plenary. The confirmation followed the successful screening of individual nominee at the Committee level. Those confirmed are:… In "Politics"