LAGOS – All roads lead to the prestigious Radisson Blue Hotel, Ikeja, Lagos on Tuesday, March 22 as Freedom Online, one of Nigeria’s fastest-growing online newspapers, hosts its fourth annual lecture. A statement by the Managing Director/Editor-in-Chief, Gabriel Akinadewo, says the guest speaker is Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed. Former Governor of Kaduna State, Senator Ahmed Makarfi, will chair the session, while the Keynote Speaker is former Governor of Ogun State, Otunba Gbenga Daniel. Former Anambra State Governor, Mr. Peter Obi, is the special guest speaker while former Deputy National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Chief Olabode George, is the special guest of honour. Other guests to grace the occasion include former Police Affairs Minister, Navy Captain Omoniyi Olubolade (rtd); the immediate past Director General of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), Dr. Dakuku Peterside; Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Gani Adams; Prof. Akin Onigbinde and others. The statement by Akinadewo says the lecture is an annual event “that brings together captains of industry, media chiefs, politicians and professionals to reflect on national issues and propose objective course of action. We have always been forthright on matters of Nigeria’s progress and future. “Since the first edition of our annual lecture, we have been inspired by the commitment of our guests and Nigerians in the quest for a better country through advocacy. We believe this time around, the same zeal will be deployed to ensuring that Nigeria takes its rightful place in the comity of nations”. LAGOS -  Governor Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti State will, on Thursday, April 18 speak on challenges facing Nigeria's economy and the way out at the second annual lecture of Freedom Online, an online newspaper. Fayemi, sworn-in for a second term as governor of the Fountain of Knowledge in October 2018,… In "News" Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State will, on Tuesday at Sheraton Lagos Hotel, Ikeja, lead other speakers to discuss the future of Nigeria at the third annual lecture of Freedom Online. A statement by the Managing Director/Editor-in-Chief of the online newspaper, Gabriel Akinadewo, says the theme of the lecture is 'Nigeria:… In "News" LAGOS - The challenge of unemployment and its negative effect in a developing economy will be the focus of discussion at the first annual lecture of Freedom Online (www.freedomonline.com.ng) on Thursday. Freedom Online, according to a statement by its Managing Director/Editor-in-Chief, Gabriel Akinadewo, is focusing on how to tackle unemployment… In "News"