Bola Tinubu and Atiku Abubakar have been told to forget their 2023 presidential ambition.  The call was made by the Arewa Youth Consultative Forum, AYCF. AYCF National President, Yerima Shettima, while speaking exclusively to DAILYPOST warned that Nigerian youths would not give the likes of Atiku and Tinubu any chance to rule the country in 2023. According to Shettima, Nigerian youths will put Atiku and Tinubu where they belong in 2023. According to him, the youths are determined to go all out in ensuring that the All Progressives Congress, APC, National Leader, and former Vice President never become the country’s President. Responding to a question on if the likes of Tinubu and Atiku should be allowed to rule Nigeria or they should step down for the youths, he said: “Nobody will give them that chance this time around, but certainly, the youths of this country would make a statement at a given time, you can be rest assured of this. “Nobody will stop them from contesting, but certainly nobody will give them a chance; we will drag it together. We will ensure that we use our large number, consult widely, and ensure we put them where they belong.” Tinubu recently declared his life-long intentions to run for the Presidency. The former Governor of Lagos State said his determination to secure Nigeria’s future was responsible for his decision to run for President.  sourcee •Tinubu and Magu By Ejikeme Omenazu  LAGOS – Activists led by Deji Adeyanju, journalist turned activists, recently stormed the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) headquarters in Abuja. Coming under the auspices of ‘Concerned Nigerians’, they submitted a petition to Ibrahim Magu, EFCC Acting Chairman, against Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, former… In "Features" The battle for 2023 presidency is currently leading to division among the Northern leaders over where the presidency should go to despite the insistence of some gladiators that the North must retain power beyond 2023. Saturday Telegraph exclusively gathered that while prominent leaders of the apex Northern group, Arewa Consultative… In "News" - Two major groups in the north have fallen out over the 2019 presidential election - The Arewa Youth Consultative Forum (AYCF) and the Arewa Youth Grand Alliance (AYGA) are at loggerheads over who to endorse - AYCF is led by Alhaji Yerima Shettima, while the AYGA is led by… In "Politics"