The Peoples Democratic Party has held parallel primaries in Osun state.  Both the Wale Ojo faction of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the Sunday Bisi led faction are currently holding primaries in the state. Daily Post reported that as at the time of filing this report, the Sunday Bisi led faction which has the support of the National Secretariat of the PDP and whose aspirant is Senator Ademola Adeleke is getting ready to start voting at Osogbo city stadium while those who belong to Dotun Babayemi’s camp are already preparing to start theirs at the WOCDIF Centre, Ring Road, Osogbo. Leaders of the party who are on ground at the WOCDIF Centre include; former Osun State Governor, Prince Olagunsoye Oyinlola, former Deputy Governor, Erelu Olusola Obada, Chiefs Shuaib Oyedokun, Olu Alabi, Tajudeen Oladipo among others. Those present at the Osogbo City Stadium venue of the Sunday Bisi-led faction include; Chief Ajeigbe, Prof. Wale Oladipo, Bunmi Jenyo, Clement Akanni, Alhaji Gani Olaoluwa, Diran Odeyemi and others.  source Guns boomed and people scampered in different directions as pandemonium rocked the venue of the Southwest Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) congress on Monday in Osogbo, the Osun State capital. The build up to the internal election was tension-soaked between Oyo State Governor Seyi Makinde and former Ekiti State Governor Ayodele… In "News" Abuja - Peoples Democratic Party stalwarts in the South-West have rejected the option of consensus in filling the national positions zoned to the region. The most contentious of the positions, which party leaders have tried but failed to reach an agreement on, is the seat of Deputy National Chairman (South).… In "Top Stories" The national convention of the Peoples Democratic Party slated for October 30 and 31, 2021 may not go as planned as its court-suspended National Chairman, Prince Uche Secondus, has threatened to halt the convention. It was learnt that attempts by party leaders, especially the Senator David Mark-led eight-member committee, to… In "Top Stories"