Sexually transmitted diseases are many and varied in nature. They can be diagnosed in both men and women. Even though the new trend is to play sex games through screens thanks to the concept of Jerkmate’s games, unprotected sex continues to be done by many individuals, which does not spare them from diseases like Syphilis is one of the most common STIs. It attacks both women and men. Moreover, not only is it highly contagious, it does enormous damage if it is not treated quickly.  It can lead to serious neurological disorders. What makes it even more dangerous is the fact that it can remain silent for a while before it starts to manifest itself. Symptoms include skin lesions on the penis in men and on the vagina in women. It is a disease that attacks the intimate parts of the affected person. Syphilis develops in three different stages (the primary stage, the secondary stage and the tertiary stage). But once it is detected quickly, it can be cured without necessarily leaving any traces. This infection is transmitted during unprotected sex, but can also be passed on to a baby by its mother during childbirth if the mother was affected without being treated. Even though it is considered a silent disease, it informs some people (both men and women) of its presence through symptoms such as: burning sensations when relieving oneself, abdominal pain, pain during sex and sometimes bleeding after sex, abnormal swelling of the testicles, and many other things. Chlamydia is caused by chlamydia, a bacterium that can easily take hold in the body. But fortunately, with a well-defined course of antibiotics, it can be cured. This disease manifests itself through urinary disorders, itching of the genitals and severe joint pain. These symptoms may appear to be similar to those of other diseases, which is why it is important to find out for sure by taking a sample test. Note that genital herpes is treatable, but once you have it, the after-effects or traces remain in your body forever. Still known as the disease that creates pubic lice, crabs manifest themselves through various itching sensations in the private parts. The spread of this disease is very rapid because crabs lay eggs in the hair. It is therefore a disease that often attacks those who do not depilate. Another characteristic of this STI is that sexual intercourse is not its only route of transmission. Since it is an egg, poorly cared-for clothing and bedding can be an excellent transmission channel. Safe sex (condom use) is a great way to say goodbye to STDs. Vaccination sessions can also help prevent some of these diseases. Finally, avoiding a proliferation of sex partners could also help avoid contagion risks. Finally, a good care of sheets and clothes seems harmless but very effective to avoid sexually transmitted diseases. Abuja   -  Dr Kema Onu, a reproductive health expert, has warned that the practice of oral sex increases the risk of Sexually Transmitted Infections (STIs). Onu, who is the Site Coordinator of Aids Healthcare Foundation (AHF), an international NGO, gave the warning in an interview with the News Agency… In "Health" By Cecilia Ologunagba NEW YORK - World Health Organisation (WHO) study has highlighted an unacceptably high global prevalence of syphilis among men who have sex with men. The world body, in the new study on “Prevalence of syphilis among men who have sex with men: A global systematic review and… In "Health" Over the past few months, Nigerians have been engrossed with salacious paternity stories. After many years, men suddenly realize that children from their wives regarded from birth as their biological children were products from other men. It is not just a simple tale of unfaithfulness. Instead, it is a deadly… In "Column - Monday"