A former governor of Lagos State and a national leader of the All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, is to meet with members of the ruling party in the National Assembly next Wednesday over his plan to become the President in the 2023 general elections. Tinubu conveyed the invitation to the APC caucus in a letter written to the President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan; and Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, which they read out on the floor at the plenary on Tuesday. The presidential aspirant urged the lawmakers to meet with him to exchange ideas on how to run the country. Tinubu is to meet the Senate APC caucus on Tuesday, March 15, 2022, and members of the party in the House the following day. Though the time the meeting would hold on Wednesday was not stated by the ex-governor, Gbajabiamila noted that the Majority Leader, Alhassan Ado-Doguwa, would convey the information to members of the APC caucus. In the letter to Gbajabiamila titled, ‘Request for a meeting with the APC caucus’, Tinubu wrote in part, “May I convey my warm greetings to you and through you to the honourable members of this hallowed chamber of the National Assembly. “After helpful and enlightening consultations with my family, traditional rulers, political associates and ordinary citizens, I believe it is appropriate that I contest for president of this country. “Indeed, I see this as my duty and my own moral obligation…that you grant me the chance to address the honourable members of our party’s caucus and sympathisers in the House of Representatives on March 16, 2022. Venue: Ladi Kwali Hall, Sheraton Hotel and Towers, Abuja.” Tinubu added, “I make this request with the utmost sense of responsibility and humility because this Assembly is unique as an important representative of our people at the national level. “It will be appropriate for me to establish a discourse with members regarding our political and policy ideas for the nation and how we can best bring to the people the security, progress and prosperity they do clearly deserve. I want to share my vision for the nation with the caucus members and to hear likewise from them. “Mr Speaker, to borrow the words of our honourable members, I respectively move that you grant me this humble but important request. I thank you and our honourable members in advance for accepting to meet with me to discuss the future of our nation.” Similarly, a presidential aspirant on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party, Dr Sam Ohuabunwa, wrote to the House to request a meeting with the PDP caucus on Tuesday. Gbajabiamila also read out a letter from the Minority Leader, Ndudi Elumelu, notifying the PDP members of a meeting with Ohuabunwa. The PDP meeting was also scheduled to be held at the same venue as the APC’s. By Edegbe Odemwingie & Jonathan Nda-Isaiah Against all odds, Senator Bukola Saraki and Hon Yakubu Dogara emerged Senate president and Speaker of the  House of Representatives, last Tuesday. JONATHAN NDA-ISAIAH and EDEGBE ODEMWINGIE, in this report, look at factors that led to their emergence After weeks of politicking and horsetrading,… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari, Wednesday night met with former minority leader in the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila and 29 of his supporters in a bid to end the leadership tussle in the House that has polarised the ruling All People's Congress (APC). The aggrieved members… In "News" A Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, Segun Osinkolu, has declared that any attempt to bring down or rubbish the party’s National Leader, Aiswaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu, will backfire. Osinkolu, an ex-Senatorial aspirant, advised the party to immediately address the leadership tussle in the National Assembly which, he said, could… In "News"