Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodinma on Monday declared that President Muhammadu Buhari has proven his love for the people of the southeast. He said the President has demonstrated his love and respect for the people of the region with the construction of the second Niger Bridge which is nearing completion. According to Uzodinma, what all previous administrations have been given are only promises that have failed to materialize but Buhari since assuming power in 2015 has demonstrated his commitment to see the project completed. The Governor, therefore, submitted that it would be unfair to say Buhari has neglected the region. Speaking on Monday in an interview with Channels, Governor Uzodinma said: “Today, whether you like it or not, the party to beat is APC. I come from the south-east. Since after the civil war, the only gateway out of the south-east — the entire old eastern Nigeria — was that old river Niger bridge,” he said. “Government after government came, made promises and paid lip service to the promises. From 1979 to 1983 — the second republic — we were promised the second Niger bridge. “From 1999 to 2007, we were promised the second Niger bridge. Until 2015, President Muhammadu Buhari, as I speak to you, has spent over N360 billion. “Only last week, I was watching television. I saw the chief of staff to the president, minister of works, minister of labour and productivity inspecting the joining of the bridge for commissioning within the next three months. “It would be a thing of ingratitude for anybody to come from that region to talk about President Buhari neglecting the old eastern bloc.” Naija News reports that during an inspection visit to the bridge on March 8, the Minister of Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola, promised that the second Niger bridge will be completed in April this year. Many were the prayers and goodwill messages that sped our feet to Owerri, capital of Imo State, the Eastern Heartland, on September 9, 2021. Why were the people so effusive in prayers? We were considered as going into unsafe territory, where anything could happen, as President Muhammadu Buhari and his… In "Features" The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), met with leaders and stakeholders in South-East on Thursday. The meeting held during the president’s visit to Imo State – amid agitation for an Indigenous People of Biafra. Since the return of IPOB leader Nnamdi Kanu to detention in Nigeria, separatists have continually… In "News" Hope Uzodinma, the governor of Imo state has been called out by the Indigenous People of Biafra. IPOB accused Uzodinma of recruiting thugs to attack his own people. IPOB spokesman, Emma Powerful, alleged that the Imo governor’s plan is to implicate the pro-Biafra group. Powerful stated this while reacting to… In "News"