he Coalition of South-East Youth Leaders has called on the Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Usman Alkali Baba to immediately order the arrest and prosecution of the wife of former Governor of Anambra State, Ebelechukwu Obiano, for allegedly attacking Bianca Ojokwu at the venue of the swearing-in ceremony of Prof Chukwuma Soludo as governor of the state. the group made the call in a statement issued by it’s President General, Goodluck Ibem and Publicity Secretary, Okey Nwaoru, Publicity Secretary. According to the coalition, what Mrs Obiano displayed at the swearing-in ceremony of Soludo was an “insult to Ndigbo.” The statement read, “The Coalition of South East Youth Leaders, the umbrella body of all the youth groups in the South-East geopolitical zone, condemns in the strongest terms the despicable and disrespectful action of Mrs Obiano the wife of former governor of Anambra State, Mr. Willie Obiano, at the inaugural event of the new Governor of Anambra State Prof. Charles Soludo at the Government House, Awka. “It is the height of insult on the entire Igbo nation for Mrs Obiano to slap the wife of our revered and great Igbo Leader and Icon, Dim Chukwuemeka Odimegwu Ojukwu. “Mrs Obiano has desecrated the temple and honour of the entire Igbo nation and she has to be disciplined in accordance with the offence she has committed. “We demand the immediate arrest and prosecution of Mrs Obiano by security agencies. As youth leaders of the entire Igbo nation, we cannot and will not accept or play down on such a great insult on the wife of our great leader, Dim Chukwuemeka Odimegwu Ojukwu. “We, therefore, declare Mrs Obiano persona non grata in Igboland for desecrating Alaigbo. “The order has been given and it must be strictly adhered to. “ Anambra State Governor Willie Obiano has said Prof. Chukwuma Soludo is the best person to succeed him. He spoke at the weekend at Isuofia Civic Centre, at the 2021 New Yam Festival of Isuofia community in Aguata Local Government. Soludo is the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance… In "Politics" •Mrs Ebelechukwu Obiano (left) and Ambassador Bianca Onoh Ambassador Bianca Ojukwu, wife of late Ikemba Nnewi, Chief Emeka Odumegwu- Ojukwu, the eternal leader of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA has congratulated Prof Chukwuma Soludo on his swearing-in as the Governor of Anambra State. Bianca as she is popularly called,… In "Top Stories" Charles Soludo, the Anambra state governor-elect, will take over office from his predecessor, Governor Willie Obiano, today March 17. A statement released by the Head, Soludo Media Office, Joe Anatune, says the swearing-in ceremony, would take place at the Government House, Agu-Awka, and is expected to be very low-key with… In "News"