By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – United States President, Joe Biden has lamented that families are still struggling with higher costs, adding that his administration’s top priority must be getting prices under control. This is also as he has announced that the unemployment rate has fell to 3.8% in February — down from 6.4% when he took office. Adding that in the same month, the economy created 678,000 jobs, following the greatest year of job growth in American history and the fastest economic growth in almost 40 years Biden who disclosed this in a series of tweets said: “Too many families are still struggling with higher costs. I get it. Our top priority must be getting prices under control. That’s why we’re going to create more jobs that you can earn a living, a good living, right here in America, and invest in infrastructure and innovation.” “In February, the economy created 678,000 jobs, following the greatest year of job growth in American history and the fastest economic growth in almost 40 years.” “Today, we learned that in February, the unemployment rate fell to 3.8% — down from 6.4% when I took office. That’s the fastest decline in the unemployment rate in recorded history.” We’re building the economy from the bottom up and the middle out – and getting America back to work.  Statistics by the government show that the country’s unemployment level is on a steady rise with latest unemployment statistics put at 7.5 per cent in the first three months of the year. Ugboja Felix Ojonugwa writes with additional reports from Samson Echenim, Olushola Bello and Taiwo Ogunmola-Omilani, that the unemployment… In "News" by Rene Vollgraaff and Paul Vecchiatto South Africa is bleeding jobs as falling commodity prices and increasing wage demands force mining companies to cut back on staff. In the past two months, at least seven listed mining companies announced plans to cut as many as 10,000 jobs in Africa’s most-industrialized… In "Business" The United States (US) unemployment rate fell in December to a healthy 3.9% — a pandemic low — even as employers added a modest 199,000 jobs, evidence that they are struggling to fill jobs with many Americans still reluctant to return to the workforce. The drop in the jobless rate,… In "Foreign"