By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Fulani terrorists on Wednesday, March 9th, 2022 continued their gruesome massacre of Tiv farmers in the Guma local government area of the state. The latest attack which claimed several lives took place at Ye village, along Daudu-Gbajimba road in Guma Local Government Area. This was contained in a statement signed by the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor of Benue State, Nathaniel Ikyur made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja. According to the statement, the assailants also attacked branch Udei and killed more than four people and injured many who have been taken to a nearby health centre. The Fulani gunmen who invaded the villages in the early hours are believed to have crossed over from a neighbouring state into Benue to wreck the unprovoked murder on the villagers. Eyewitness account said the Fulani terrorists who had earlier issued a threat to the Tse Torkula community, asking them to leave the village or face dire consequences came on motorcycles and without any herd of cattle. Torkula is the ancestral home of the late Tor Tiv IV, HRM Alfred Akawe Torkula. The invaders were said to have first of all shot sporadically into the air before breaking into the houses of their victims who were already fast asleep. There have been renewed Fulani terrorist attacks on border communities in Benue State with heavy casualties on the Benue side. Suspected Fulani militia on Tuesday, March 8th, 2022 killed over five persons in the Ahentse, Nzorov council ward of Benue State and wounded many now receiving treatment in nearby hospitals. Governor Samuel Ortom while reacting to the recent attack, reiterated his call on the federal government to step up security operations along the crises areas of the state. He cautioned that “the patience of the people who are now victims and rendered homeless by the murderous activities of the Fulani militia should not be tested any longer. We should not push the victims into looking for self-help because this will not be good for the unity of this country.” He added, “I have repeatedly called on the federal government to convoke a national security summit of all ethnic nationalities to find lasting solutions to the increasing wave of terrorism that is gradually tearing up the bond in our nation. And I repeat that this is the time.” …says security agents must arrest militiamen terrorising Benue communities, calls for prosecution: By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Civil rights advocacy group, Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria(HURIWA), on Wednesday, condemned the brazen act of Fulani herdsmen who invaded some communities in the Logo Local Government Area of Benue… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode has commended Prophet T.B Joshua, Bishop Oyedepo, Apostle suleiman and other religious leaders who have spoken out against the senseless killings of innocent citizens by the genocidal Fulani terrorists right from the begining. Fani-Kayode who also… In "Top Stories" ...Gives Statistics of Killings Perpetrated by the Jihadist Militants Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Int’l Society for Civil Liberties & the Rule of Law (Intersociety) has alleged that the jihadist fulani militants killed about fifty defenseless christians in Nigeria in the month of March 2020 alone and at least ten other… In "News"