A political stalwart belonging to the ruling APC in Kebbi state Abdullahi Muhammad Lamba has slammed the outgoing National Chairman of the interim committee of the All progressives congress Mai Mala Buni for his role in plunging the party into its present mess. Lamba alleged that Buni is responsible for all the crises in Sokoto, Kebbi, Kano and other states with unresolved issues while convention stares the party on the face. He cited the case of Kano state where the former governor of the state Ibrahim Shekarau won the case twice at the court but Buni didn’t react but immediately the Ganduje faction won he quickly issued a certificate to the “why was he in a hurry, why was he fast to issue certificate it means he has already taken side with the Ganduje side. He noted that Buni allegedly caused the rift in Sokoto state between Senator Aliyu Magatarda, he did the same in Kebbi between the sitting governor Senator Atiku Bagudu and Senator Alieru, the same problem in Zamfara and the whole things led to factions and he has not been able to unite them “they way things are going if justice is not done to dedicated party members and/or stalwarts, APC will collapse now or after the convention. Leaders must be seen as impartial, not the other way round. He added that if Buni is gone, the party may perhaps come back to life if the incoming leadership of the party walk the path of justice, equity and fairness. What is happening in APC is unfortunate and calls for concern, the National excos of APC must particularly look into the case of Kebbi by bringing back architect Bala Sani Kangiwa and his excuse that were illegally removed and must also review cases in other states to save the party from collapse.a The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), on Monday, approved February 2022 for the All Progressives Congress’ national convention. However, there was no specific date when the convention would hold next February, meaning that nothing was cast in stone. This comes just as The PUNCH learnt that crises had continued… In "Politics" Abuja - Following the meeting with the Governors of the All Progressives Congress, President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday, approved February 2022 for the All Progressives Congress’ national convention. However, there was no specific date when the convention would hold next February, meaning that nothing was cast in stone. This comes… In "Top Stories" Former Governor Tanko Al-Makura of Nasarawa State and the lawmaker representing Niger East, Senator Sani Musa are favoured by the leadership of the All Progressives Congress to emerge as the national chairman of the APC, The PUNCH has learnt. A top source in the party said while Al-Makura was being… In "News"