Gabriel Boric has been sworn in as Chile’s new president after its elections last November, becoming the country’s youngest president in its history. On Friday, Mr Boric received the presidential sash from outgoing President Sebastian Pinera at the Congress building in the port city of Valparaiso, “Before the Chilean people, I make my pledge,” Mr Boric said. At 36 years old, Mr Boric is Chile’s youngest president, replacing Sebastián Piñera, who ended his second term with a disapproval rating of 71 per cent, the worst recorded by a president since the return of democracy in 1990. Mr Boric saw a record voter turnout last year, providing nearly 56 per cent of the vote to beat opponent José Antonio Kast. Mr Boric’s new administration follows large-scale protests in 2019 over unequal wealth distribution in income, healthcare, education and pensions. He has promised to boost the Chilean tax regime to fund social reform and halt the country’s spiralling debt. In January, Mr Boric announced that his cabinet was composed of women and young people, including two colleagues who had led countrywide protests in 2011 for free, quality education. Chile’s defence minister is Maya Fernández, the granddaughter of Salvador Allende, Latin America’s first elected president who was ousted in the coup of 1973. Camila Vallejo, a student leader, will be the government spokesperson. Mario Marcel, who had earlier worked at the World Bank, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and in previous Chilean governments, will handle the finance ministry. A military plane with 38 persons on board has disappeared en route to Antarctica, Chile's air force says in a statement. The C-130 Hercules transport aircraft took off from Punta Arenas at 16:55 local time (19:55 GMT), and operators lost contact soon after 18:00 (21:00). Among the missing are 17… In "Foreign" World leaders have condemned the violent scenes in Washington, where rioters supporting US President Donald Trump stormed the Capitol building. The action forced the suspension of a joint session of Congress to certify Joe Biden's electoral victory. Many leaders called for peace and an orderly transition of power, describing what… In "Foreign" Lionel Messi has announced his retirement from international duty after missing in a penalty shootout as Argentina lost a fourth major final in nine years. “It’s not meant for me. For me, the national team is over. I’ve done all I can, it hurts not to be a champion,” the… In "Top Stories"