Ukrainian energy minister Herman Halushchenko has urged NATO to intervene after reports of alleged Russian shelling of the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant in southern Ukraine.  “That is why we demand not only a professional assessment of what is happening, but a real intervention with the toughest measures, including by NATO and countries that have nuclear weapons,” Halushchenko wrote on Facebook early on Friday.Europe’s largest nuclear power plant is being shelled with tanks and from the air, Halushchenko claimed.These statements could not be independently verified.Halushchenko said he had already spoken on the phone with U.S. Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm and asked for the closure of airspace over Ukraine.“We are on the threshold one of the great technological disasters in the history of mankind,” Halushchenko said.Granholm confirmed the phone call with her Ukrainian counterpart in a Twitter post.“I just spoke with Ukraine’s energy minister about the situation at the Zaphorizhizia nuclear plant. “Russian military operations near the plant are reckless and must cease,” Granholm tweeted.She said the power plant’s reactors are protected by robust containment structures and reactors are being safely shut down.  (NAN) Ukrainian Foreign Minister, Dmytro Kuleba, has urged Russia to cease firing near the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant in southern Ukraine.“ The Russian army is firing from all sides upon Zaporizhzhia NPP, the largest nuclear power plant in Europe.“Fire has already broken out; if it blows up, it will be 10… In "News" By VANESSA GERA WARSAW, Poland (AP) — Poland's foreign minister had sharp words on the downing of the Malaysia Airlines jumbo jet in Ukraine — blaming the crash on Russia-backed "bandits." But throughout most of central and eastern Europe, leaders withheld judgment, expressing shock but refusing to say more until… In "Foreign" Prof. Jonah Onuoha, a don, said on Tuesday that Russia could sustain its attacks on Ukraine in spite of the sanctions imposed against it by the U.S. and its partners. Onuoha, who is the Head of the Political Science Department, University of Nigeria Nsukka (UNN), said this in an interview… In "News"