Gov. Abubakar Bello of Niger has denied taking over the leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Caretaker and Extra-ordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) as speculated by some media organisations.  Bello said this when he spoke with newsmen shortly after heading a meeting of the APC CECPC at the party’s national secretariat in Abuja on Monday.He said that he met with APC State Chairmen as well as inaugurated some newly elected State Chairmen.“The States Chairmen took their oath of office today and we discussed progress made so far on the forthcoming National Convention and what needs to be done next so that we will achieve the March 26 date for the convention,” he said.When asked in what capacity he presided over the meetings, Bello said:” I have been acting for a while since the chairman (Buni) traveled”.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the meeting was attended by all members of the committee including the Secretary, Sen. John Akpanudoedrhe, Women representative, Mrs Stella Okotete, Youth Leader, Mr Ismail Ahmed and Mr David Lyon.Also in attendance were Prof. Tahir Mamman, Sen. Ali Abba, Sen. Ken Nnamani and Sen. Yusuf Yusuf.  (NAN) Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Ahead of the convention of the party, the stakeholders of the All Progressives Congress have begun a search for a consensus candidate for the position of National Chairman, Saturday PUNCH has learnt. It was gathered in Abuja, on Friday, that members of the party leadership and some stakeholders… In "Top Stories" By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE Abuja - The Progressives Governors Forum (PGF), an umbrella body of governors elected on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC), has given assurance that the party’s National Convention will hold in February. Gov. Atiku Bagudu of Kebbi and Chairman of the PGF gave the assurance… In "News" Former Governor Tanko Al-Makura of Nasarawa State and the lawmaker representing Niger East, Senator Sani Musa are favoured by the leadership of the All Progressives Congress to emerge as the national chairman of the APC, The PUNCH has learnt. A top source in the party said while Al-Makura was being… In "News"