The Federal Government has disclosed that Nigeria accounts for the highest number of Female Genital Mutilation (FGM) globally, with about 32.5 million Nigerians being affected. While stressing that FGM is a violation of the fundamental human right of the girl child, it urged all stakeholders to join forces to end the dangerous practice across the country. The Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, who made this known in a statement to commemorate this year’s International Children’s Day of Broadcasting (ICDB), signed by the Deputy Director and Head of Advocacy (CRIB) at the Ministry, Mercy Megwa, stated that the education of the public at all levels, will go a long way to curb the practice of FGM. “The ICDB was launched by UNICEF in 1991 to encourage broadcasters worldwide to create awareness on children’s issues. It’s a day when broadcasters allow children to be part of the programming process, to talk about their hopes, dreams and exchange ideas with their peers on issues affecting them. “The theme for this year’s celebration is; ‘End Female Genital Mutilation (FGM) now; it’s a violation of the rights of the girl child.’ Nigeria, due to its large population, has the highest absolute number of female genital mutilation (FGM) worldwide, accounting for about one quarter of the estimated 115 to 130 million circumcised women in the world By Martha Agas   Jos  -   The National Association of Women Journalist (NAWOJ) has reiterated its condemnation of Female Genital Mutilation(FGM) as the world marks the International Day of Zero Tolerance against the practice. Mrs Jenifer Yerima, the Chairperson of NAWOJ, Plateau Chapter, restated its position in an interview with… In "News" Ibadan -  Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has called for a national legislation against Female Genital Mutilation (FGM). Obasanjo made the appeal in his keynote address delivered on his behalf by Dr Femi Majekodunmi at the International Summit on Female Genital Mutilation/Cutting at the Mapo Hall in Ibadan on Monday. The… In "Health" By Teddy Nwanunobi, Abuja The United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) collaborated with the Young Men’s Network on Sexual and Gender-based Violence and Youth Hub Africa to commemorate the International Day for Zero Tolerance of FGM. The sixth of February is International Day of Zero Tolerance for Female Genital Mutilation (FGM).… In "News"