Following the petrol scarcity and collapse of the National grid which plunged the country into darkness, President Muhammadu Buhari has apologised to Nigerians.  In a statement released on Wednesday March 16, by his media aide Garba Shehu, the President said the federal government is working round the clock to attend to the issue.On petrol scarcity, Buhari said;“The administration knows the fuel shortage has placed a strain on Nigerian citizens and businesses, but relief is on the way. I especially apologise to all sections of society for this.“The government is working round the clock to attend to this issue. An action plan agreed upon earlier this month is being implemented to address the scarcity.“Working together with the Major Oil Marketers Association of Nigeria (MOMAN) and the Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN), this plan is now bearing fruit. Sufficient fuel supply has returned to a handful of states, with the queues at stations falling. In the coming days, we expect this to be the case across the rest of the country.“Looking to the longer term, funds are being targeted toward keeping fuel availability affordable for the country. The international energy markets have surged drastically in recent months, the government will however ensure that consumers are protected against these price spikes.”Buhari also said blackouts seen due to the problem with the national grid are also being addressed. The statement added;“A dip in hydroelectric generation due to seasonal pressures has coincided with technical and supply problems at thermal stations.“On this, the government is also working tirelessly to resolve the issues at the latter to guarantee sufficient power flows into the national grid.”  source As fuel scarcity continued unabated nationwide, Bayelsa has directed that no fuel station should sell petrol above N230 per litre as against the national price of N165 per litre. Inaugurating a monitoring team on the pricing and distribution of petroleum products in the state, the deputy governor, Mr Lawrence Ewhrudjakpo,… In "News" By Nse Anthony-Uko (Sundiata Post) -- Fuel queues intensified in Abuja on Friday despite the directive by Minister of state for Petroleum Dr Ibe Kachikwu that the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) clears petrol queues that have refused to disappear in Abuja and neighbouring states before the commencement of the… In "Business" The shortage of refining capacity at existing oil refineries is the main driver of Nigeria’s fuel crisis, which hampers the socio-economic development of the country. It places a high subsidy burden on the government and has long made Nigeria dependent on imported petroleum product The fuel crisis has also led… In "Business"