By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Chairman of Langtang South Local Government Council, Plateau State, Hon. Vincent Venmam has said he will resist any attempt by the opposition People’s Democratic Party (PDP), to disturb the peace in his LGA. Venmam said both Langtang North and South is currently under the threat of the PDP, a party which he claims has lost grip of the LGAs. The LG boss also specifically accused the embattled Council Chairman of Langtang North, Hon. Joshua Ubandoma, for fanning the embers of war. He said however, that as a peace abiding citizen of the State and Chief Security Officer of Langtang North LGA, he will not allow himself to be used to disturb the peace of his LGA, saying no matter the level of provocation he will not resort to exchange of words. Venmam recall the black mail of reports circulating on social media, with purported video clips doctored to cast aspersions on his person, adding that the event that greeted the video clip was mis-conscript by mischief makers. In a statement he signed on Wednesday, the LG Chairman also attributed the campaign of name calling on his person as partisan driven, fabrications and falsehood, calling it imaginable recklessness. “Since, the perpetrators have taken refuge in the Media, it is important for all to know that the regrettable altercation between me and the PDP mob as led by Hon. Ubandoma Joshua Laven, on the 5th March, 2022, at the 74th “Resettlement Day” celebrations in Sabon Gida, was a sheer premeditated act to disrupt the occasion and portray Taroh people as a divided nation and much more.” “Thank God, they didn’t succeed, as the event still went ahead and generated the best of donations. Laughter and friendship to last a life time. However, as a peoples’ leader who has earned his place among men of honour, and as Executive Chairman and Chief Security officer of Langtang South LGA, I make bold to take full responsibility for the avoidable incident. “We clearly underestimated the desperation of these pathetic persons masquerading as PDP stalwarts. We didn’t envisage that they will want to forcefully turn a Community event into a PDP rally like they did”, the statement reads in part. By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Youths in Plateau Local Government Area of Langtang North yesterday queried the rationale behind preventing the elected Chairman of the Council, Barr. Bitrus Rimven Zulfa from assuming office. The youths who are majorly the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC), members said because they… In "Top Stories" By Chijioke Kingsley Youths in Plateau Local Government Area of Langtang North yesterday queried the rationale behind preventing the elected Chairman of the Council, Barr. Bitrus Rimven Zulfa from assuming office. The youths who are majorly the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC), members said because they are law abiding, they… In "Politics" By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The resort to self-help by Hon. Joshua Ubandoma and his supporters the PDP, by destroying part of the main gate leading to Langtang North Local Government Area is an act of criminality; and if Ubandoma is being prosecuted for it, then he should… In "News"