United States Secretary of State, Antony Blinken, has revealed Ukraine’s plan amid Russia’s invasion of their country. Blinken said Ukrainians have a plan for “continuity of government one way or another” should anything happen to their President Volodymyr Zelensky amid war with Russia. He said this during an interview with CBS’ “Face the Nation” on Sunday. “The Ukrainians have plans in place that I am not going to talk about or get into any detail about to make sure that there is continuity of government one way or another, and I am going to leave it at that,” Blinken said. Blinken also praised Zelensky for his “leadership” through this crisis. He said, “The leadership that President Zelensky has shown, the entire government has shown is remarkable, they have been the embodiment of these incredibly brave Ukrainian people.” Meanwhile, the war between Russia and Ukraine began last month. The war enters its tenth day today with huge casualties already recorded. Russian President Vladimir Putin had ordered the invasion of Ukraine over disagreement on some political issues. •This handout video grab taken and released by the Ukraine Presidency press service on February 28, 2022 shows Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky delivering an address in Kyiv. UKRAINE PRESIDENCY / AFP Ukraine on Saturday urged the West to amp up military assistance to the besieged country, including warplanes, as Russian… In "Foreign" Russian President Vladimir Putin said Western sanctions were akin to war as his forces pressed their assault on Ukraine on Saturday for a 10th day and the IMF warned the conflict would have a "severe impact" on the global economy. Moscow and Kyiv traded blame over failed plans for a… In "Foreign" Nigerians love travel and adventure. But Ukraine and its forbiddingly cold capital, Kiev, wasn’t a favourite destination for many years. That is until Pastor Sunday Adelaja of the Embassy of the Blessed Kingdom of God for All Nations, fired the public’s imagination with his evangelical-charismatic brand of the gospel. The… In "Opinion"