ABUJA – Ramatu Yakubu Kyari, wife of the suspended DCP Abba Kyari, on Monday, slumped shortly after a Federal High Court, Abuja, adjourned the bail application of her husband until March 28. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Justice Emeka Nwite fixed March 28 for ruling on the bail motion filed by Ramatu’s husband and others after their lawyers and the prosecution counsel argued their position for and against the request. Justice Nwite, who adjourned the ruling, ordered Kyari and other police officers seeking for a bail to be remanded in the custody of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) pending the determination of the matter. The middle aged woman, who wore a black hijab, however, fell on the floor while armed operatives of the NDLEA were leading Kyari and the others away from the court premises. Though she appeared lifeless on the floor, she was quickly carried up and rushed inside one of the offices on the third floor of the court by some officials of the NDLEA and lawyers. The development delayed the NDLEA officers from conveying the defendants to their office as they waited for Kyari outside the court premises for about 45 minutes before he was led into the waiting vehicle. His wife later came out with the aid of members of families and friends who assisted her out of the court NAN reports that the NDLEA had filed an eight-count charge against Kyari and others bordering on alleged drug trafficking.(NAN) The PUNCH reports that a Federal High Court, Abuja, on Monday, refused to grant the bail application of suspended Deputy Commissioner of Police, DCP Abba Kyari. Justice Inyang Ekwo, in a ruling, said the application had been overtaken by events following an order of a sister court, granting the National… In "News" At least 20 lawyers have expressed desire to defend the suspended DCP Abba Kyari. Musa Shafiu, a legal practitioner, told newsmen on Wednesday, on behalf of other lawyers. He said the lawyers are ready to defend Kyari in a suit filed by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA). He… In "News" Disgraced DCP Abba Kyari has cried before a court that his health has deteriorated since his arrest and detention by the National Drug law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA. This comes after Kyari took the Federal Government to court seeking his release. Kyari was arrested last week arrested and handed over to… In "News"