By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has expressed grief over the demise of second republic Speaker of the House of Representatives Speaker, Chief Benjamin Chaha. He lamented that the state has lost a father figure. Ortom stated this on Saturday in a condolence message as contained in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur made available to Sundiata Post. Recall that Chief Chaha was Speaker of the House of Representatives in the short lived second term-tenure of President Shehu Shagari’s administration in 1983 which was overthrown in a military coup by General Muhammadu Buhari. Governor Ortom in a tribute to the elder statesman, noted that “Chief Chaha was one of the pathfinders and father who nurtured and groomed the present generation of political leaders. He was a man who lived in humility and simplicity without affluence.” He stated: ”In him (Chaha), Benue state has lost a father figure. We have lost a respected elder statesman who was always there to give wise counsel to the young ones. His death has created a huge vacuum for us.” The Governor described him as a fine gentleman who practiced politics of inclusiveness and without bitterness. He said chief Chaha “will be remembered for his benevolence, humility and unwavering commitment to the ideals of nationhood.” Governor Ortom pointed out that though the late Parliamentarian hailed from Benue state, “it is on record that as Speaker of the House of Representatives, he took the entire nation as he constituency and neither segregated nor discriminated against any one on account of tribe or religion.” He prayed that the good Lord grant him eternal rest and give the immediate family the fortitude to bear the loss. The Speaker of House of Representatives in the Second Republic, Benjamin Chaha, has passed on. The former speaker who has been sick for a while died on Wednesday afternoon. Born in 1940, Chaha was elected to the House of Representatives on the platform of the defunct National Party of Nigeria… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has hailed President Muhammadu Buhari for assenting to the amended Electoral Bill into law. The President had earlier declined assent to the Bill as passed by the National Assembly after observing certain objections finally signed it on Friday,… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The election of Representative Yakubu Dogara as Speaker of the House of Representatives on June 9 was a manifestation of that fact that Nigeria`s democracy is fast maturing, Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has said. Speaking when he hosted Dogara at the Benue State Governor's… In "News"