By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Governor Samuel Ortom’s consultations with critical stakeholders for the realization of his senatorial aspiration to represent Benue North West at the senate continued Monday, March 14th, 2022. The Governor on Monday met with stakeholders from the Masev, Ihyarev and Nongov Development Association, MINDA at Community Secondary School Makurdi where he solicited their support to contest the election. The Governor intimated the stakeholders that he had separately sought and obtained the blessings of his immediate kinsmen of Nzorov, Nongov and Guma, hence the need to do same from MINDA. In their separate responses, Hon Clement Tse-Tse for Masev, retired Justice Augustine Utsaha for Ihyarev and Hon Charles Torbunde for Nongov, all gave their blessings to the Governor’s aspiration. They prayed that after the Governor would have served his people at the Senate, he would move on to serve the country in a higher capacity. Tor Lobi, Chief Moses Anagende gave royal blessings on behalf of the traditional rulers from MINDA after which the Governor was decorated in traditional attire. Governor Ortom who was filled with joy after the nod from MINDA stakeholders, pledged not to disappoint the confidence reposed in him by the people. Samuel Ortom, the Benue State Governor, says he has spent the sum of N680 million treating victims of snakebite in the State, in the last 22 years. This is contained in the checks conducted by the State Ministry of Health and Human Services. The Governor, who has personally maintained a… In "News" MAKURDI - A Makurdi Chief Magistrates’ Court on Monday remanded two men in prison custody for allegedly killing a centenarian. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="70560"] The accused -- Oraduen Gbise, 40, and Ornguga Iornem, 32 – all of Tse-Gbise Nongov Guma Local Government Area, are facing a two-count charge of murder and conspiracy.… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja （Sundiata Post）- Senate President Dr. Bukola Saraki has offered explanation as to why he was absent at the All Progressives Congress' meetings that took place on Monday and Tuesday.   Saraki clarified that he was attending the Senate Roundtable on Migration and Human Trafficking in Edo… In "Top Stories"