China hopes Russia and Ukraine maintain their dialogue and negotiations and work out a political solution to realise the common security of Europe.  Wang Wenbin, Foreign Ministry spokesperson made the remarks at a daily press conference on Tuesday in response to the negotiations between delegations from Russia and Ukraine held in the Gomel region of Belarus on Monday.“We have noted that the two sides have agreed to hold a new round of negotiations in the near future.“We hope that the two sides will continue the process of dialogue and negotiation and seek a political solution that accommodates reasonable security concerns of both sides, serves common security of Europe and is conducive to lasting peace and stability in Europe,’’Wang said.China has always supported and encouraged all diplomatic efforts that are conducive to the peaceful settlement of the Ukraine crisis and welcomes the launch of peace talks between Russia and Ukraine.Commenting on casualties, Wang said China expresses its sympathies for casualties caused during the Russia-Ukraine conflict, once again stressing that China hopes all sides will show restraint to avoid escalating the situation and especially to avoid a large-scale humanitarian crisis.Wang said China is ready to make efforts to ease the situation in Ukraine and will release relevant information in due course.  Source The United States and Russia are set to hold much-anticipated talks in January on European security and the Ukraine conflict after Moscow listed demands including to end NATO’s expansion. A spokesperson for the US National Security Council told AFP on condition of anonymity that the talks with Russia will take… In "Foreign" UZHGOROD, Ukraine — Keeping Ukraine warm keeps Andriy Kobolev up at night. Mr. Kobolev, the head of Ukraine’s state energy company, Naftogaz, is scrambling to keep gas flowing into his country as winter looms. Russia’s energy giant, Gazprom, had provided a little more than half of Ukraine’s total gas supply,… In "Business" Berlin -German Foreign Minister Heiko Maas, on Monday arrived Ukraine for talks with the hope of accelerating a fragile peace process in the country’s troubled east. “We want to move forward faster in the Minsk process. That is why I’m in Kiev. “The ceasefire that has lasted for over four… In "Foreign"