BY MOSES OMOROGIEVA LAGOS – The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has moved former Anambra State Governor, Mr Willie Obiano to Abuja after he was arrested in Lagos on Thursday night. The spokesperson for the commission, Mr Wilson Uwujiaren, confirmed this when he spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in Lagos. “The ex-governor was arrested in Lagos, but was moved to Abuja this morning (Friday),” Uwujiaren said. The commission busted Obiano at about 8.30p.m., on Thursday, at the Murtala Muhammad International Airport, Lagos, on his way to Houston, Texas, U.S after handing over to his successor, Governor Charles Soludo. The commission’s spokesperson said that Obiano had been on the EFCC’s watch list for some months, adding that his immunity as a governor prevented his arrest until he handed over to his successor. Uwujiaren said the commission had requested the Nigeria Immigration Service to provide information on the former governor’s movement out of the country from airports, or other points of exit from the country. NAN reports however, that the EFCC has yet to release details of Obiano’s offence. (NAN) •Ex-Governor Willie Obiano LAGOS - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission on Thursday arrested former Anambra State Governor, Willie Obiano at the Murtala Muhammad International Airport Lagos, Channels TV reports. Obiano, who has been on the Commission’s watchlist, was arrested at about 8.30pm. He was reportedly on his way out… In "Top Stories" By Chimezie Anaso Awka - A former  governor of  Central Bank of Nigeria, Prof. Chukwuma Soludo, has  commended Gov. Willie Obiano of Anambra over his  achievements in the area of economy within three years in office. Delivering a lecture to mark the third year anniversary of Obiano’s  administration  in Awka… In "News" NNEWI - The Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Innoson Group of Companies, Mr. Innocent Chukwuma, has said his arrest and detention by the Economic and Financial Crime Commission (EFCC), earlier this week has no ethnic undertone but purely business. Addressing journalists on Saturday in his country home, Nnewi, shortly after… In "Local News"