Award winning Nigerian singer and philanthropist, David Adeleke also known as Davido is set to give N20million to 20 young entrepreneurs. This gesture comes shortly after the Nigerian multiple award-winning singer stated via his verified Twitter handle that ‘Nigerians should pray’ due to the large sum of money he used to ship his recently acquired Lamborghini car. The singer also took to his official Twitter page on Wednesday to lament the hardship in the country and what people were going through. Demonstrating that he cares and to alleviate their hardship, the popstar further stated that he was going to give out N20m to 20 people on Friday to aid their businesses. Davido tweeted, “Country hard right now sha … let’s give N20m to 20 people on Friday… send in your business ideas or start-up ideas … more details shortly #Wrblo”. The singer who just had a successful concert at O2 Arena in London, has a mantra, ‘We rise by lifting others’. In November, 2021, Davido doled out N200million that was contributed to the singer by his colleagues and friends, in addition to his own money, to clear his Lamborghini, to some orphanages across the country. Nigerian music star David ‘Davido’ Adeleke has announced he will give out N20 million to 20 Nigerian entrepreneurs as the most populous black nation in the world grapple with rising unemployment, inflation and economic crisis. Davido Story “Country hard right now sha… let’s give ₦20m to 20 people on Friday.… In "Entertainment" Singer, Victor AD has denied rumours that Davido stole his song. Recall that a Twitter user had accused Davido of stealing Jowo from Victor AD. The tweet read, “Victor AD just confirmed Davido stole his record ‘Jowo’. According to him, OBO heard d song after they recorded ‘Tire You’. He… In "Entertainment" By Joy Obanya/Edward Ojiah/Collins Yakubu-Hammer   Abuja   -      Ace Nigerian and award-winning singer, David Adeleke a.k.a. Davido has postponed his tour of the US to complete the mandatory National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) programme. The `Assurance’ crooner took to his Instagram handle @Davidoofficial to announce that he had cancelled the… In "Entertainment"