A Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in Imo state, Anthony Iroegbu, on Thursday called on the National leadership of the APC, to further narrow down the APC, presidential ticket, to the South-East region in order to douse the tension of agitation by the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB. Iroegbu made this known to newsmen in Owerri while commending the APC, for zoning its presidential ticket to the Southern part of the country. The APC chieftain said zoning it to the South East, would achieve equity and justice in the country. According to Iroegbu, “Let me start with commending the APC led Federal Government for zoning its 2023 presidency to the Southern part of Nigeria. The move is a welcome development. “At the same time, we appealed with the party to zero their presidency to the South East, doing so would to a reasonable extent douse the tension as well as ongoing agitation for a sovereign state by the members of the IPOB. “We were elated when I heard that APC has zoned 2023 presidency to South, this implies that the party has the interest of the country at heart, particularly the issue of equity and justice. And importantly, the new Electoral Act signed into law by the President, will also go a long way in bringing sanity into Nigeria’s future elections.” Adding that, “The new Electoral laws, done under the APC led Government has also shown that it has the interest of the nation at heart, this will go a long way in shaping and sanitising future elections and changed the perception of the people particularly the Southerners over the party.” Some leaders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) are fretting over the growing rapport between former President Goodluck Jonathan and some leaders of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in recent times. GBADE OGUNWALE reports that some of the opposition leaders are worried by the implications of the unfolding development for… In "Politics" Horsetrading over the zoning of the presidential ticket and national chairmanship of the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is threatening to wreak more havoc on the party, The Nation learnt on Saturday. Following reports that the chairmanship has been allocated to the South by the party’s Zoning Committee led… In "Politics" The next general elections may be two years away, but the debate about which part of the country should produce the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate has begun to heat up the polity. While some members of the party have hinted of a possible return of the presidency to… In "Politics"