Gov. Mai Mala Buni, Chairman, All Progressives Congress (APC) Caretaker and Extra-ordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC), has endorsed actions taken by Gov. Abubakar Bello of Niger, as acting chairman of the committee. Buni confirmed validating those actions in a statement on Thursday in Abuja, while reacting to media reports that he had suspended some of them. “This is to bring to the notice of all stakeholders and members of the party that the purported suspension of some activities initiated and executed by the CECPC under the acting chairman and Niger Governor, Muhammed Bello is not true. “Therefore, all activities that were done in my absence remain valid and binding. “All party stakeholders and members are hereby advised to disregard the previous statement discarding the activities of the committee under the leadership of the acting chairman,’’ Buni said. He said he duly transferred leadership of the committee to the Niger governor before traveling outside the country for medical attention. “Therefore, all actions and measures taken by the committee under his leadership as Acting Chairman remain effective,’’ Buni who is also the Governor of Yobe said. He called for the support and understanding of the party’s members to move it forward to a successful National Convention slated for March 26. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that new national executives were expected to be elected at the party’s national convention to manage its affairs currently being managed by the CECPC •Governor Mai Mala Buni  ABUJA - National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress’ Caretaker/Extraordinarily Convention Planning Committee (CECPC), Mai Mala Buni, has refuted claims that he has reversed some actions taken by Niger State Governor, Muhammed Bello. Governor Bello assumed the National Chairman position last week while Buni, who is… In "Politics" ....Party makes a U-turn, confirms Yobe gov’s leadership Abuja - An attempt by some governors of the All Progressives Congress to sack the Chairman, Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee of the APC, Governor Mai Mala Buni, seems to have hit a brick wall following the refusal of the Independent National Electoral… In "Top Stories" Abuja - Fresh reports have emerged on plots by the “cabal” around President Muhammadu Buhari failed to use the president’s name to remove Yobe State Governor, Mai Mala Buni as the chairman of the Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) of the All Progressive Congress (APC). Recall that a national… In "Politics"