Forex, also known as the foreign exchange market, is a global market for currency trading. It is by far the biggest in the world, used by the largest international banks. FX works on several levels. The banks approach financial firms, so-called dealers. These dealers are actively operating in foreign exchange trading. A convertibility broker is a financial company that serves as a connection between a trader and the platforms that have access to FX liquidity. When traders look for the best FX trafficker, they should pay attention to the overall exchanging experience, fees, customer support, etc. The most important thing that a broker can provide to their clients is research. It helps clients to make decisions based on facts and helps them understand the market activity. Every research should include charting capabilities, historical data, third-party research, market commentary, and research reports. HotForex specializes in trading services to corporate and retail clients. It has been around since 2010 and it has proven its excellence by winning many awards. HotForex is based in Cyprus, but it is regulated in different locations. People choose this broker because it offers different trading features. For example, hotforex nigeria gives you the chance to trade FX, metals, shares, and a lot more. It is the most used trading retailer in the world because it meets the expectations and needs of many people. It has a well-rounded solution with a great combination of powerful tools, research, and pricing targeted at the convertibility market. Traders can benefit from the app store trading environment and customize all aspects of the platform. All of the FX tools allow them to set things up the way they want. Many people wonder why people choose this business. Although FX is a very risky business it also has a lot of advantages. It is a home business that any person can start even with a small financial investment. There are a lot of opinions that convertibility should be used by people who have a lot of knowledge about FX, trading, and brokers. But today there are a lot of tips and tricks that can help beginners to be successful in this business. They should remember to do thorough research and choose a good broker, and in the end, practice is the key to success. ABUJA, (Sundiata Post) – Two weeks after opening a special Forex window for Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) to enable them import eligible finished and semi-finished items, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Friday, established a Forex widow for investors and exporters tagged: “Investors’ & Exporters’ FX Window”. A… In "Business" Lagos  -  The two-way quote (2-WQ) inter-bank foreign exchange market has gone live on the platform of FMDQ OTC Securities Exchange. FMDQ in a statement issued in Lagos on Monday said that this followed the release of the revised Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) guidelines for the operation of the… In "Business" By Our Reporter There has been some level stability in the foreign exchange market as the nation’s currency, the naira trades between N199 and N200 after the closure of the Retail Dutch Auction System (RDAS) window by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN). In an effort to bring sanity into… In "Business"