An Abeokuta magistrate court on Monday discharged one of the four teenagers arrested and remanded for killing and burning the head of a girlfriend, Safiyyah Okeowo, for a money ritual. The four teenagers; Balogun Mustakeem, Majekodunmi Soliudeen, Abdulgafa Lukman and Wariz Oladeinde were arraigned and remanded in Oba correctional centre in the Obafemi-Owode local government area for murder. They were arrested on January 28, at Oke-Aregba, Kugba, Abeokuta after killing and severing the skull of Oke-Owo who was a girlfriend of Majekodunmi and remanded since February. Chief Magistrate I.O. Abudu said the 17-year-old Oladeinde was discharged on the legal advice received from the state Director of Public Prosecution. According to the magistrate, no charge was recorded against Oladeinde in the legal advice by the DPP. He said he based his ruling on the investigation by the police which proved his innocence in the crime. The prosecution had alleged that the four teenagers had conspired to kill Oke-Owo who was a girlfriend to Majekodunmi. But the three others had exonerated Oladeinde on the ground that he was never part of the process. POLL The matter had been adjourned till April 22 for further hearing of the charges against the three teenagers. By Deborah Akpede Ikeja - An Ikeja Magistrates’ Court on Thursday ordered that four men be remanded in prison after they allegedly raped a 15- year-old girl leading to her conception, pending legal advice. The Magistrate, Mrs B.O Osunsanmi, ordered that Stephen Godwin, 33, Henry Obo, 25, Stanley Igen, 33,… In "News" ABEOKUTA - An Abeokuta Magistrates' Court on Thursday remanded a teenager, Hassan Muize, 19, in prison custody for allegedly stabbing a man to death, and injuring another. The accused, whose plea was not taken, is facing a four-count charge of conspiracy, murder, attempted murder and belonging to secret cult. The… In "News" By Teniola Ibitola Lagos - An 18-year-old suspected online fraudster, Victor Oji, who allegedly set his girlfriend ablaze in Iba Town in Ojo  Lagos, was remanded on Tuesday  by an Ebute Meta Magistrates’ Court. The Magistrate, Mrs A. Kusanu, did not take the teenager’s plea, but ordered that he  should… In "News"