Operatives of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA, have arrested a notorious drug dealer at Nukai market, along Jalingo-Wukari road in the Taraba state capital, Jalingo, Micha Godwin, during which the anti-narcotic officers came under attack and at least seven of them were injured and one of their vehicles damaged. Despite the attack, the officers however managed to arrest their target after recovering some quantities of illicit drugs from the suspect and thereafter retreated to take the wounded to the hospital for treatment. Femi Babafemi, Director, Media & Advocacy, NDLEA Headquarters, Abuja disclosed thisnin a statement Wednesday. He revealed that following intelligence, the operatives on Tuesday 8th March stormed the market at about 2.30pm to arrest the drug dealer and evacuate illicit substances in his warehouse. Soon after the arrest of Micha, miscreants mobilised from the community to attack the officers and vehicles with dangerous weapons. A reinforcement from the state Command of the Agency and other security agencies was able to move in to rescue the operatives from the scene of attack. In custody, the drug dealer said “what happened today is bad because this is the second time I have been arrested and brought here but the first arrest was not like this. I don’t know who invited the boys who attacked the NDLEA officers”. Reacting to the incident, Chairman/Chief Executive of NDLEA, Brig. Gen. Mohamed Buba Marwa (Retd) condemned the attack and directed immediate switch to new operational guidelines that will make officers and men well positioned to defend themselves adequately in the course of carrying out their duties. He again warned that henceforth any obstruction or attack on NDLEA operatives in line of duty by suspects or their supporters would receive commensurate response. A major Anambra illicit drug kingpin, Okeke Chijioke, 44, has been arrested by operatives of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA). He was caught with 548,000 tablets of Tramadol branded as Tarkadol stored in his warehouse at 3 Atunya street, Maryland estate, Nkwelle, Oyi local government area Anambra State.… In "News" According to a report by The PUNCH, the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency has seized over 24, 311kg of heroin, codeine as well as Arizona and Colorado variants of cannabis in fresh drug busts at the Murtala Mohammed International Airport, Ikeja and the Tincan seaport, Apapa, Lagos. This happened barely… In "News" The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has recovered 548,000 tramadol tablets branded as “Tarkadol” at Nkwelle, Oyi Local Government Area, Anambra State. Its Director, Media and Advocacy, Mr Femi Babafemi, said this in a statement made available to News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Babafemi said… In "News"