Popular Nollywood actress, Funke Akindele, also known as Jenifa, has expressed displeasure over a portrait of her drawn by a controversial Nigerian artist.This comes after the Nigerian artist drew and shared a strange, albeit hilarious photo of the actress on social media. Reacting to the portrait, the comic actress queried the artist inquiring “if he was okay?” The mother of two also threatened to arrest the artist for putting up such a portrait of her on social media. She, however, restrained herself, noting that she doesn’t want people to feel she went with her ‘celebrity power’. “When I call for the arrest of this guy @bodataiye_oniyakuya Ya’ll will start saying I’m using celebrity power. Hmmmmm so you think this is right? @bodataiye_oniyakuya if I catch you, you go sweat inside winter, ” the award-winning actress wrote on Instagram. See the photo and reactions below; See reactions from the actress’s comment below; One iammayordona wrote; ‘The guy needs to be arrested. U do my mama like this’ One funmiawelewa wrote; ‘Haaa. This isn’t my Woman No be my own Jenifa be this God forbid.’ One omonioboli wrote; ‘We won’t arrest him sis. No need to use law enforcement. I know him house. Make we gather go beat am’ One deleomowoli_mideoladimeji wrote; ‘Aunty mi Ko lo ya yii o, Mami @funkejenifaakindele you wan make he collect?????’ One uchennaji wrote; ‘ART, but sister, as an artist you suppose know say na “Art” him dey try promote.’ Nollywood actress, Funke Akindele has explained why her husband celebrated his birthday which led to social gathering amidst coronavirus pandemic. The star actress and her producer husband JJC Skillz early Sunday morning came under heavy bashing from Nigerians on social media. The backlash that trailed the celebrity couple was due… In "Entertainment" Popular Nollywood Actress Funke Akindele Bello is currently in police detention after being arrested for hosting a birthday party for her husband amid COVID-19 Pandemic. Nigerians have come out to mock the actress after her husband, JJCSkillz had told Nigerians off saying they can say whatever they want. Well, Funke… In "News" Uche Elendu, Funke Akindele Bello Actress Uche Elendu has appealed to the Lagos state government and the police to release her colleague, Funke Akindele-Bello, for the sake of her twins. In a post shared on her Instagram page, she wrote Please release her i dont have any excuses to make… In "Entertainment"