Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Invading Russian forces early Friday, March 4, 2022, set Ukraine’s Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant, the largest in Europe, on fire. Mayor Dmytro Orlov of nearby Enerhodar says the fire was caused by “continuous enemy shelling”. The International Atomic Energy Agency says essential equipment is still working One regional official says the safety of the plant is “secured”. Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has spoken with Ukraine’s leader Zelensky following Russia’s attack on the Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant. He condemned the attacks, calling on them to “cease immediately”. In latest reports, however, Ukraine emergency services say they have managed to extinguish the fire at the nuclear power plant. “At 06:20 (04:20 GMT) the fire in the training building of Zaporizhzhya NPP in Energodar was extinguished. There are no victims,” the State Emergency Service wrote on their social media accounts. Meanwhile, the strategic port city of Mariupol has been under consistent attack Russia has so far only seized one city – Kherson in southern Ukraine. (Assembled from different BBC news bits) LVIV, Ukraine, March 4 (Reuters) - A fire broke out in a training building at the largest nuclear power plant in Europe during intense fighting between Russian and Ukrainian forces, Ukraine's state emergency service said on Friday. U.S. Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm said there was no indication of elevated radiation… In "Top Stories" By Geert De Clercq, Svetlana Burmistrova and Jack Stubbs PARIS/MOSCOW - The $100 billion (73 billion pounds) overseas order book of Russia's nuclear power plant builder Rosatom -- bigger than all its Western competitors combined -- makes it look like the giant in its field. But if the company --… In "Foreign" KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine on Monday accused Russian army officers of fighting alongside separatists in the east of the country and said Moscow was once more building up its troops on the joint border.President Petro Poroshenko held an emergency meeting of his security chiefs after a weekend of Ukrainian air… In "News"