Hafsat Ahmad Idris, the Nigerian actress fondly called Hafsat Barauniya, has denied rumors that she married the son of Sanni Abacha, the late military ruler. The film star, who is popular in Kannywood, the Hausa-language film industry of northern Nigeria, recently tied the knot with her partner — although it was a secret wedding. There were, however, rumours that she got married to Abacha’s son due to her refusal to confirm her marital status. In an Instagram post, the actress confirmed that she had indeed gotten married. She, however, disclosed that her husband is not in any way related to the late military ruler as claimed. “I am extending my message of appreciation to all my friends/fans. I am very grateful to all my well-wishers for all the support they have shown me,” she wrote in the Hausa language. “I want to express my concern over the speculations penetrating the social media, especially by bloggers that have been posting that my husband is related to the family of Abacha. “I want to say that it is not true. He is not related to them. Thank you.” Hafsat is an indigene of Kano state but was born and raised in Ogun. She gained prominence after featuring in a movie titled ‘Barauniya’. She has since then produced a number of movies featuring the likes of Ali Nuhu, and Sani Danja. Nollywood actress Stella Damasus and her husband Daniel Ademinokan are celebrating their wedding anniversary today May 28th. The beautiful actress took to her social media page to appreciate her husband with kind words. Stella who was previously married to late Aboderin, appreciated him for accepting her with all her madness… In "Entertainment" Nollywood actress and producer Jaiye Kuti, has addressed the issue of her relationship with popular Fuji artiste, Pasuma. The actress, who was featured recently in Achievers Orient, posted the cover of the edition, saying she is married to the Kutis and not Fuji artiste Alabi Pasuma. “Since the time of… In "News" Hafsat Abiola-Costello, the daughter of late Moshood Abiola, presumed winner of the 1993 presidential polls on Tuesday described how her father had planned his inauguration speech, while awaiting the results of the general election. Election data from the election showed Mr Abiola won the polls but he was never formally… In "Top Stories"