Chelsea have issued brochures to interested parties outlining a number of perks and potential opportunities that could be taken advantage of by any prospective buyers dailystarSHARECOMMENTSSorry, the video player failed to load.(Error Code: 101102) VIDEO UNAVAILABLETHOMAS TUCHEL ON HIS FUTURE AT CHELSEAFor the latest from the pitch sign up for our football newsletter Enter your email…Sign upWe use your sign-up to provide content in ways you’ve consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. More infoChelsea have reportedly sent out brochures to investors interested in buying the club – and have even outlined some of the perks awaiting any new owner. Roman Abramovich has officially put the club on the market after a trophy-laden 19-year spell at the helm. And after the Russian oligarch was slapped with sanctions by the UK Government, the race is on to strike a deal for the Blues. A string of billionaires have already been linked with a big bucks takeover including British billionaire Nick Candy. However, a new report from The Daily Mail claims that there are around 200 parties interested in purchasing the reigning European champions. And prospective buyers have even been sent a brochure outlining some of the potential opportunities and benefits that they could take advantage off. One of those opportunities is linked to Stamford Bridge, with interested parties told in the brochure that they could more than double their match-day revenue if they can find a way to redevelop the Blues’ stadium. It’s estimated that any prospective buyer would see their match-day income rocket from £70million to £200m per year if the capacity in SW6 can be boosted from 45,000 to 62,500. How do you think Chelsea will adapt without Abramovich? Give us your thoughts in the comments section And the catalogue also raises the possibility of purchasing the nearby Fulham Broadway shopping centre; raising the possibility that the area could be converted into both commercial and residential properties. There are other benefits outlined in the brochure, such as a lack of naming rights and the potential to revamp the Blues’ commercial model. All prospective buyers have been provided with a substantial checklist of items to submit alongside their offer with the club. Bidders have been asked to include a proof of funds letter, a business plan, a full list of advisers and a timescale for getting a deal done. Competition is expected to be fierce when it comes to striking a deal – although the club may not sell for the £3bn price tag that Abramovich had reportedly anticipated. And after slapping the Chelsea chief with sanctions, the Government are now set to take charge in the sale process after Friday’s deadline for bids passes. London - Chelsea have fined goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga one week’s wages following his refusal to be substituted in the League Cup final defeat by Manchester City at Wembley on Sunday. Arrizabalaga appeared to be injured as he prevented Manchester City’s Sergio Aguero from scoring in the closing moments of extra… In "Sports" Real Madrid forward, Alvaro Morata has said goodbye to his teammates during pre-season training as a move to Chelsea becomes imminent. The Spain international who is about to become the most expensive Spaniard of all time after the Blues agreed to pay £70 million up front, was excused from training… In "Sports" It is evident that Arsenal will move for a striker in the summer transfer window considering the lack of options that will be available to Mikel Arteta if they do not. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has already left Arsenal and Alexandre Lacazette in addition to Eddie Nketiah will follow him out the… In "Sports"