Fifa and Uefa have banned Russian football clubs and national teams from all competitions.  The decision was taken after Russia invaded Ukraine, according to BBC. The world and European football governing bodies said they would be banned “until further notice”. It means the Russian men’s team will not play their World Cup play-off matches next month and the women’s team have been banned from this summer’s Euro 2022 competition. Spartak Moscow have also been kicked out of the Europa League and their last-16 opponents RB Leipzig will advance to the quarter-finals. Uefa has also ended its sponsorship with Russian energy giant Gazprom. “Football is fully united here and in full solidarity with all the people affected in Ukraine,” Fifa and Uefa said in a joint statement. “Both presidents hope that the situation in Ukraine will improve significantly and rapidly so that football can again be a vector for unity and peace amongst people.” Fifa and Uefa decided to take action after Russia, supported by Belarus, launched a military invasion of neighbouring Ukraine last Thursday.  NAN  Russian clubs and their national teams have been banned from taking part in footballing competitions until further notice by both FIFA and UEFA following their country’s attack on Ukraine. The two governing bodies’ decision sees Russia booted out of World Cup qualification in a U-turn move, having initially declared that… In "Sports" The international governing body of association football, FIFA has ordered Russia to play matches without its flag and anthem at neutral venues, warning the country could be excluded from competitions if the situation in Ukraine does not improve. Sunday’s announcements which FIFA called “immediate first measures” were, however, swiftly criticised… In "News" MANCHESTER, England   - FIFA has confirmed it is considering ways to expand UEFA’s new Nations League tournament on a global scale with ongoing talks involving a number of regional confederations considering radical proposals. UEFA’s Nations League starts next September and features four divisions of national teams, replacing friendlies with competitive… In "Sports"