Mercy Aigbe, the Nollywood actress, has been in the news for the past few weeks over the controversies surrounding her marriage to Kazim Adeoti. In a recent interview, the 44-year-old actress said being a second wife to Adeoti is a personal choice she’s happy with. She also tackled her critics while adding that she won’t be the first person to become a second wife. “Please, I just want to tell Nigerians. Please, I’m not the first person to be a second wife. It is my choice to be a second wife. And I’m happy with it. Please, everybody should just leave me alone. Let me just be happy,” she said. “If you can be happy for me, be happy for me. If you’re not happy for me, go and get busy. “On a much more serious note, it is my choice. I’m happy. So just leave me to enjoy my marriage, please.” Her comment, however, appeared to have been in contradiction to the admonishment she gave women about two years ago. In 2020, during her Valentine Day’s edition of her YouTube series, Aigbe had said it was unwise for ladies dating married men to be pursuing love, stressing that the “relationship is not worth the risk”. She also described those dating married men for love as “stupid”, adding that the only way to make the “risk worth it is to pursue material benefits in such a relationship.” This, she said, is the best way to deal with the promiscuity of men with wives who still crave to have fun outside their marriages. ”It is bad enough to be dating a married man. But if you are, you better let it be worth it,” she had said. “So, if you are a side chic to a married man, girl, you are better be cashing out. Secure the bag, get that dough, get that money because that man isn’t yours. Sis, he isn’t yours. “He belongs to another woman, so please, it had better be worth it. Don’t go and collect chocolate and flowers as gifts from a married man, oh. “If you do, your head needs to be examined. If you are dating a married man, chop his money, collect his money because that man is already married. “Some stupid girls will be dating a married man will be doing love…sis he is not yours. He belongs to another woman, so use your brain.” Nollywood actress, Mercy Aigbe has cleared the air about her marriage to husband, Kazim Adeoti following the backlash she has been receiving online. She revealed that her husband is a Muslim and entitled to marry more than one wife. The 44-year-old made this known in a message sent to TVC… In "News" Mercy Aigbe has finally reacted to those who have accused her of snatching another woman’s husband. She continues to deny that her ex-husband Lanre Gentry and Adeoti were friends. The actress recently got married to a businessman, Adeoti Kazim. According to reports, the actress reached out to correct the notion… In "News" Actress Mercy Aigbe’s new husband, Alhaji Kazim Adeoti has come to her aid by responding to all the backlashes he has been getting since his relationship with her became official. According to Kazim Adeoti he is better than other men out there who would rather engage in extra marital affairs… In "Entertainment"