Senator Victor Umeh has confirmed the narrative by Ambassador Bianca Ojukwu which led to the slap she gave Ebelechukwu, wife of the former Governor of Anambra State, Willie Obiano. On Friday, the former Nigerian Ambassador to Spain narrated how Mrs Obiano attacked her and used “unprintable vile language” on her at Charles Soludo’s inauguration which prompted her to slap the former first lady. Speaking in an interview with Arise News TV on Friday, Umeh, who is the former national chairman of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), said Mrs Ojukwu’s narrative of the slap Saga was true. The former Senator, who described the scuffle as unimaginable, regretted that the incident overshadowed the story of Mr Soludo’s inauguration as governor. “From Ambassador Bianca’s narrative, she was correct in her narration of what actually happened,” he said. Mr Umeh said the former governor Willie Obiano, had driven to the inauguration. But when he alighted from his vehicle, his wife was not with him. He said midway into the swearing-in ceremony, the former first lady, Ebelechukwu Obiano came into the arena, walked to and sat down in a different row, away from her husband. “We also observed that that was a strange situation. She ought to have gone to her husband, but she didn’t do that,” Mr Umeh said. Corroborating the video evidence and Mrs Ojukwu ‘s narrative, the former APGA national chairman said, “She (Mrs Obiano) left where she was sitting and walked straight to where Ambassador Bianca was sitting calmly and started verbal attacks on her.” Mr Umeh recalled that when the altercation started, he rushed to restrain the two women to ensure that “no harm was inflicted on Ambassador Bianca Ojukwu, who was seated very calmly”. •Ambassador Bianca Ojukwu Ambassador Bianca Ojukwu has given account of what happened yesterday, Thursday, March 17 with regard to the fight incident involving her and Mrs. Ebelechukwu Obiano, wife of Chief Willie Obiano, the immediate past governor of Anambra State. The fight took place during the inauguration of Professor Chukwuma… In "Top Stories" Bianca Ojukwu, wife of Odumegwu-Ojukwu has narrated her own side of the incident that transpired between her and the former First Lady of Anambra State, Ebele Obiano on Thursday during the inauguration ceremoney of Charles Soludo as the governor of the state. Narrating the story in a statement on Friday,… In "News" Awka - Mrs Bianca Ojukwu said in Awka on Sunday that she shunned Saturday’s flag-off of APGA governorship campaign to protest “post-mortem disrespect’’ to her deceased husband. She laid the blame of the “post-mortem disrespect’’ to Dim Chukwuemeka Ojukwu on the doorstep of APGA’s leadership. Prof. Chukwuma Soludo and Dr… In "Top Stories"