Russia will not participate in the 2022 World Cup qualifiers any longer. The comes after FIFA confirmed it has kicked out Russia from the 2022 World Cup qualifying series.  The decision comes in the wake of President Vladimir Putin’s decision to launch military strikes in Ukraine. Russia’s opponents, Poland, have been given a bye into the Path B playoff final on March 29. Poland had been due to face Russia in the semi-final of the playoff process days earlier. But the Polish FA and players insisted they did not want to play against Russia. Poland will now face either Sweden or the Czech Republic in the final. A statement from FIFA read: “Subsequent to the decision of 28 February 2022 taken jointly with the UEFA Executive Committee to suspend all Russian teams from participation in both FIFA and UEFA competitions until further notice, the Bureau of the FIFA Organising Committee decided that Poland will receive a bye to the final of Path B due to take place on 29 March 2022, in which they will face the winners of the match between Sweden and the Czech Republic.”  source Russian clubs and their national teams have been banned from taking part in footballing competitions until further notice by both FIFA and UEFA following their country’s attack on Ukraine. The two governing bodies’ decision sees Russia booted out of World Cup qualification in a U-turn move, having initially declared that… In "Sports" The international governing body of association football, FIFA has ordered Russia to play matches without its flag and anthem at neutral venues, warning the country could be excluded from competitions if the situation in Ukraine does not improve. Sunday’s announcements which FIFA called “immediate first measures” were, however, swiftly criticised… In "News" Fifa and Uefa have banned Russian football clubs and national teams from all competitions. The decision was taken after Russia invaded Ukraine, according to BBC. The world and European football governing bodies said they would be banned "until further notice". It means the Russian men's team will not play their… In "News"