The governor of Kaduna State, Nasir El-Rufai, has said that Mala Buni will only return as the governor of Yobe State but not the chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC. Mr El-Rufai said the governor of Niger State Abubakar Sani Bello has the full backing of President Muhammadu Buhari to take over the leadership of the APC. Speaking on Channels TV’s Politics Today on Wednesday, Mr El-Rufa’i accused Mr Buni of planning against holding national convention of the party on March 26. “He [President Buhari] said Abu Sani Bello must take over on Monday. And we should do whatever legal means necessary to make sure this convention is delivered. “It was the president’s order to us as governors. He said I am relying on you to do what is legally necessary, vacate this order… Abu Sani Bello (should) take over the leadership of the party, reconstitute all the committees of the convention and ensure that the 26th of March date is sacrosanct. “He has the president’s full backing and at least 19 of the 23 APC governors and their deputies. “Buni is gone, the secretary is gone. Governor Bello is in charge and he has the backing of President Muhammadu Buhari and 19 governors. Buni can only return as Governor of Yobe but never as chairman of our Party. “President Buhari ordered his removal and this has been implemented. Governor Bello has taken over and things are moving according to plan. Party will be restored, convention will take place as scheduled. 19 governors and their deputies are solidly behind this move. “Buni and his people got a court order to stop the convention but hid it,” he said. Abuja - Fresh reports have emerged on plots by the “cabal” around President Muhammadu Buhari failed to use the president’s name to remove Yobe State Governor, Mai Mala Buni as the chairman of the Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) of the All Progressive Congress (APC). Recall that a national… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - As the crisis rocking the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC) reaches the roof stage, a formidable youth group of the party, the APC Youth Development and Solidarity Forum (APC-YDSF), on Monday, recommended the expulsion of Gov. Abubakar Bello from the party. At an… In "Politics" CONCERTED efforts by Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State, to rally his All Progressives Congress, APC, colleagues to save the party appear to be yielding fruit. Party sources say two indicators point to this. At the meeting with APC governors on Tuesday, President Muhammadu Buhari affirmed his choice of Senator… In "News"