IBADAN – Alhaji Lukman Shittu, an Oyo-based cleric, has alleged that a worshipper at a mosque he presides over as chief imam, impregnated his wife. He made the allegation while testifying before a Grade A Customary Court sitting at Mapo, Ibadan, the state capital. Akintayo ruled: “The DNA tests shall be jointly funded by Shittu and Fisayo and the sealed result shall be sent directly by the medical centre to the registrar of this court.” She adjourned the suit until May 2 for the presentation of the DNA test and further hearing. Earlier, Shittu submitted that his wife was riding a beautiful car soon after she packed out from his home in 2021. He said: “Meanwhile, Fisayo had been boasting that her relative gave her the car. My investigation revealed that the same man, who had all along been sleeping with her, bought her the car. “My lord, Fisayo started misbehaving when I was unable to give her money to rent a shop. Then, she began to return home very late and I told her that I will lock her out if she ever tried it again. However, Fisayo decided to pack up with the three children from my house. “Worst still, she has changed the school of the last child without my knowledge and the other two have vowed not to recognise me as their father anymore. “During the last Ramadan, I invited the second one to come and stay with me, but he declined. The first also refused to come to my house when he had his school holiday. Could you believe that Fisayo’s concubine worships in the same mosque where I am the cleric?” Earlier, Fisayo, the petitioner, who lives at Odo Ona Elewe area of Ibadan, contended that her husband was irresponsible and a threat to her. She said: “Shittu lured me into getting a loan from a microfinance bank under the agreement that I would use it to establish my business without refunding. So as to facilitate his adulterous intention, Shittu threatened to stab me one day if I don’t leave his home. “As if that was not enough, he frequently brought various types of women into our matrimonial home. “In addition, Shittu demolished the shop which I furnished with my money in order to deny me any business opportunity. He called me all sorts of bad names and even rejected being responsible for the children. “Though, relatives from both families intervened, but I just had to pack up for survival.”  (Adapted from a NAN report) By Olawale Akinremi     Ibadan    -      Chief Ademola Odunade, president of a Mapo Customary Court in Ibadan on Thursday dissolved a four-year-old marriage between one Alfa Bashir Yekeen and his wife, Mariam, over alleged adultery, disobedience and distrust. Odunade, who was visibly angry at the level of confusion caused… In "Metro" By Olawale Akinremi     Ibadan    -         A Grade ‘C’ Customary Court, Bode Igbo, Ibadan, has dissolved the 16-year-old marriage between Taiwo Philip and his wife, Bukola, on the insistence of the wife that she could no longer live as a slave. The News Agency… In "Metro" By Olawale Akinremi Ibadan, - A Mapo Customary Court in Ibadan on Thursday dissolved an 18 year-old marriage between one Grace Adekunle and Pastor Adeyemi Adekunle over abandonment, irresponsibility and impregnating church members. Chief Ademola Odunade, President of the court held that the dissolution became necessary because there was no… In "Metro"