According to SaharaReporters, fighters of pro-Biafra group, the Biafra Nations League (BNL) are currently meeting with pro-independence movement fighting for self-rule in South-West Cameroon, Ambazonian Boys, SaharaReporters has gathered.  The meeting ongoing at Bakassi Peninsula is for possible joint operations from the Peninsula to Ndian division, a source said.BNL is seeking to break the South-East away from Nigeria to form an independent country called Biafra.AGovC on its own part wants to break the English-speaking North-West and South-West regions from Cameroon.“Biafra Nations League, BnL are currently hosting Ambazonia fighters in Bakassi Peninsula, report say that the Ambazonia fighters are already meeting the BnL leaders and Militias loyal to BnL in the region for possible joint operations from the Peninsula to Ndian division,” a source told SaharaReporters.Also confirming the development, Deputy Leader of BnL, Ebuta Takon admitted that the group is having a brief discussion with the Amba boys, adding that they were invited, but declined to comment about the details of the meeting. The pro-Biafra group had earlier claimed responsibility for the scarcity of movement of vessels into the Bakassi Peninsula from Cameroon to Nigeria.  source The Biafra Nations League (BNL) says the struggle for Biafra will not affect the livelihood of indigenous people. BNL made this known while disclosing the outcome of its recent emergency security meeting in Bakassi Peninsula area of Cross River State. Its Deputy National Leader and Head of Operations (BBS Media),… In "News" The Biafra Nations League has given its verdict on the entire middlebelt interested in joining Biafra. According to the group, the Igala and entire Middle Belt, should not be included in the map of Biafra over the role they played during the civil war. This comes as some groups in… In "Features" By Jess Craig Escalating pro-independence movements by Anglophone Cameroonians and Biafrans are igniting ethnic tensions and could threaten regional stability. Immigration officers walk on a suspension bridge built in 1948 that connects Nigeria with Cameroon at Mfum border station in Cross Rivers State, southeast Nigeria on February 1, 2018. The… In "Features"