The Lagos State Government has shutdown the Havillah Event Centre, Oniru, Eti-Osa area where petrol was being distributed as souvenir. Officials of the Lagos State Safety Commission, accompanied by the Rapid Response Squad, RRS, shut the event centre on Saturday. The government said the event centre was shutdown for contravening public safety rules. Also, the Lagos Commissioner of Police has ordered the arrest of culprits involved. Earlier on Saturday, the state government said it would investigate a viral video showing petrol being distributed as souvenirs in an event centre. Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Gbenga Omotoso, in a statement, said the attention of the Lagos State Government had been drawn to a video showing kegs of petrol being handed out as souvenirs at an Event Centre in Lagos. “The video has gone viral on social media. There is no doubt that this action is dangerous and can lead to loss of lives and property.  It is blatantly against all safety measures in such places. “The Lagos State Government, through the Safety Commission, is investigating this matter and will ensure that all parties to this reprehensible action are made to account for it. “The safety of lives and property of Lagosians and visitors remain a top priority to the Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu administration. We, therefore, advise that actions that can lead to loss of lives and property be avoided,” Omotoso said LAGOS - The highbrow hospital, St Nicholas Hospital, Lagos, on Monday announced that it was shutting down. In a statement signed by its clinical director, Ebun Bamgboye, the hospital said the decision was as a result of exposure to COVID-19. It was learnt that the management decided on the shutdown… In "Health" An order has been given for the sealing of the popular Queens Park Event Centre Oniru by the Lagos state government. The event centre was accused of contravening the COVID-19 protocols of the state. The Lagos State Government through the Ministry of Tourism Arts and Culture also revoked the license… In "News" By Yemi Adeleye Lagos - The Lagos State Government ( LASG) on Tuesday said that event centres and club operators should seek government’s approval seven days before hosting any event or party to avoid being sanctioned. The State Commissioner for Transportation, Dr Frederic Oladeinde, said this in a statement. Oladeinde… In "News"