A man has been stabbed to death by his wife for allegedly cheating on her.  The victim before his death was the Deputy principal of Siksik secondary school in Chesumei constituency, Nandi County, Kenya. It is reported that the deceased, Gideon Kemboi, 34 and his wife, Sharon Kemboi, 27, had been having family issues for the last few years. “Quarrel, fights, and screams have been the order of the day in the couple’s family for some time now. They have never had peace in their home,” an eyewitness, Tecla Jerotich said. According to reports, the wrangles within the family began after the wife suspected the teacher was having an extramarital affair. Jerotich said that Sharon reportedly took a kitchen knife and stabbed her husband in the chest in the early hours of Sunday, February 27. He died after losing a lot of blood while being rushed to the hospital. The suspect has since been arrested by the police and is currently being held at Kapsabet Police Station where she is awaiting to be arraigned in court. “The police officers arrested the woman as well as took her husband’s body to Kapsaret county hospital mortuary,” Jerotich said. The criminal investigation team have started investigations into the matter to establish what caused the incident. Confirming the incident, Nandi Central OCPD, Doris Chemos, urged married couples not to take law into their hands and to resolve their issues amicably.  source A 30-year-old housewife, Mrs Janet Jegede has been arrested by the Ekiti Police Command for allegedly stabbing her husband, Jegede, to death at their house on Alafiatayo, zone 1, Bamgboye area of Ado Ekiti, the state capital. The Nation gathered that the wife who was said to be a professional… In "Metro" An auxiliary nurse and mother of two, Mrs. Folashade Idoko, has been accused of stabbing her 42-year-old husband, Lawrence Idoko to death in Lagos. Idoko, a pipeline engineer with Greater Inspection and Industrial Services at Sango-Otta was stabbed to death by his wife at their residence at 20, Kosoko Street,… In "Metro" A 27-year-old man, Adeniyi Akinde, has reportedly bathed his wife, Deborah, with hot water laced with pepper, while she was sleeping over suspicion of infidelity. The incident happened on Tuesday around 12.30am in the Oke-Owu area of Modakeke, Osun State, where the couple reside. The victim was said to have… In "News"