Chelsea’s reign as European champions came to an agonising end despite beating Real Madrid on a night of high drama at the Bernabeu Stadium. In a Champions League epic, Mason Mount’s wonderful finish and Antonio Rudiger’s powerful header wiped out Real’s 3-1 first-leg advantage and brought the quarter-final tie level in Spain’s capital. Thomas Tuchel’s side were outstanding throughout and Timo Werner’s clever finish from an angle put them ahead for the first time on aggregate and within sight of a place in the semi-finals. But substitute Rodrygo forced extra time with a volleyed finish before Karim Benzema, hat-trick hero in the first leg at Stamford Bridge six days ago, headed the decisive goal in the 96th minute to send Real through 5-4 on aggregate. Benzema, who had earlier headed against the bar on a rollercoaster night, was unmarked when he scored to break Chelsea’s hearts after Rudiger slipped inside the box. In the end Chelsea, who played superbly, were made to pay for their first-leg performance as Tuchel’s side just fell short of producing one of the great comebacks in the competition. (BBC) Chelsea FC of England have been drawn against Real Madrid FC of Spain in the quarter-finals of the 2021/2022 UEFA Champions League. The draw which held on Friday in Nyon, Switzerland also saw Manchester City FC of England squaring up against Atletico Madrid of Spain. Others are, Villarreal FC of… In "Sports" Madrid - Real Madrid produced one of the all-time great European comebacks to stun Manchester City and book a most unlikely spot in the Champions League final against Liverpool. A brace from Rodrygo and a Karim Benzema penalty, all scored from the 90th minute on, gave Carlo Ancelotti’s side a… In "Top Stories" •Villarreal’s Nigerian midfielder Samuel Chukwueze celebrates scoring the 1-1 during the UEFA Champions League quarter-final, second leg football match FC Bayern Munich v FC Villarreal in Munich, southern Germany on April 12, 2022. Jose Jordan / AFP Villarreal dumped Bayern Munich out of the Champions League on Tuesday, Samuel Chukwueze’s… In "Sports"