Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, has disclosed the plan of his government to set up its own financial crimes agency to deal with internet frauds and illegal financial transactions, especially, those having to do with kidnapping, ransom taking and advance fee frauds in the state. Governor Abiodun, who made the disclosure in Abeokuta, the state capital, during the launch of the state joint security outfit, code-named OP-MESA, declared war on kidnappers and fraudsters popularly referred to as Yahoo boys that may want to operate in the state. He said that his administration would not fold its arms and allow the state to be known for the wrong reasons. The governor also disclosed that it is working with federal agencies and its Oyo State counterpart in the area of security along the border lines. He said, “we will make Ogun State unhabitable for all criminals. The other day, I was in a meeting in Abuja and in attendance was the Chairman of EFCC, and sadly, he said to me that Ogun State tops the list on the ‘Yahoo Yahoo Boys’. In my response, I said I am not surprised because Ogun State is the education capital of this country and you will find such around educational institutions and he agreed with me. “We have decided that we will set up our State Commission that will be targeted towards eliminating these sorts of financial crimes. Our state commission will collaborate with the Federal commission so that we do not occupy that false place in this area. We like to occupy the first in many areas, but not in fraud and yahoo yahoo. Also, he said he had declared war on the resurgence of kidnapping that reared its head on the link road between the state and its neighbours. “Three days ago, I put a call through to my colleague in Oyo and we have decided that we are going to jointly collaborate in the area of providing security at the border posts between the two states. “He has decided that he will lead a team of his law enforcement architecture to the State, so that we can have a meeting of like minds and plan the way forward to take out these hoodlums. Ogun will not be a hiding place for criminals,” he said. ALSO READ: IGP orders posting of Abiodun Alabi as new Lagos CP While affirming that OP-MESA was established to fight criminals across the state, he assured the people that members of the outfit would be picked to ensure they have the right discipline and as well ensure that they are committed to their assignment. The governor further said that the launching of the outfit with fifteen vehicles, two armoured personal carriers and communication equipment would be done on a quarterly basis until the outfit reaches its desired number. He enjoined the people of the state to take ownership of the outfit by collaborating with the personnel of the outfit for a more secured state. “Today, we are launching OPMESA with a few equipment, in the first instance. We are providing them with fifteen pickup trucks, communication equipment, two armoured personal carriers. We will be providing them with this support every quarter, meaning that, in the next quarter, we give them another fifteen vehicles, another quarter, another fifteen vehicles until we reach the number that they require”. “I, therefore, enjoin our people to take ownership of this security outfit by collaborating with it and supporting it. Together, we shall make Ogun State a most hospitable and conducive place of our collective dreams,” he said. Abiodun who called on the private sector to embrace the OPMESA initiative, noted that his administration would continue to be responsive to issues bordering on security. Governor Abiodun while noting that the outfit wasn’t peculiar to the state alone as it currently operates in twenty-six states of the federation, added that his administration was able to reactivate the outfit through a presidential consent sort by his administration after it was left comatose by the immediate past administration. He noted that the outfit would benefit from the support of the security trust fund through donations and contributions from the government and the private sector, adding that the OPMESA will compliment other security outfits in the state. In his remarks, the General Officer Commanding, 81 Division of the Nigerian Army, comprising Lagos and Ogun State, Major General Lawrence Fejokwu commended the State Governor for reactivating the outfit and providing them with necessary equipment. He said, he has no doubt in his mind that the state would become more secured with the support of the governor. The Commissioner of Police, Lanre Bankole while noting that the equipment was another example of support that would enable them to discharge their duties diligently, pledged to make best use of the equipment. The Alake and paramount ruler of Egbaland, Oba Adedotun Aremu Gbadebo in his remarks, appreciated the govenor for putting more efforts at maintaining the position of the state as the safest in the country. The royal father called on the people to pay their tax, support the outfit by not hiding useful information. ...As scammers join police to cover tracks –Sources Abuja - Yahoo boys have adopted another strategy of befriending and bribing policemen and soldiers to evade justice. In this report, Afeez Hanafi and Percy Ani write abouttactics internet fraudsters, otherwise known as yahoo boys employ to perpetuate their illicit act under… In "Top Stories" Set up training schools for aspiring internet fraudsters Adopt new tactics to beat security agents They are young men who live their lives on the fast lane. They love the good things of life but lack the legitimate means to acquire them. Rather than seek legitimate means of fulfilling their… In "News" “If you lay with a scorpion, don't be surprised when it finally stings you.” ― DaShanne Stokes One fateful day,  Juan Souza Carlos, a Brazilian billionaire, received a fax message at his Sao Paulo office. Not too many people of the generation X and Y know much about fax messages.… In "Opinion"