BY RICHARD AKINNOLA II I’m not concerned or bothered about the political daggers and bayonets being drawn. When l say I’m at peace with God regarding 2023, l know what I’m saying and l don’t want everyone to believe me. It’s between me and God. In 2006, who else in Nigeria then would not believe (Peter) Odili would be president in 2007? He was literally coasting to victory having been endorsed by almost all necessary blocs in the country but God had a different agenda. Goodluck Jonathan was minding his business in Yenagoa like David the Shepherd, when he was given the presidency on a platter of Gold, just the same way David emerged as King, against all odds. Olusegun Obasanjo was minding his business in Yola prison when the powers that be released him and handed him the nation’s presidency- a man without political structures and financial wherewithal. The rest is history. In the coup against Shehu Shagari in 1983, ordinarily, Ibrahim Babangida, being a key figure in the putsch ought to be handed the power as the Head of State but a Muhammadu Buhari, whose contribution to the coup was tangential was given the mantle. That’s how God works. Before Sani Abacha died, Abdulsalami Abubakar was due to be retired but Abacha died suddenly and the person who was to be retired not only become full General but the Head of state. How many of you remember the story of Haman and Modeccai in the book of Esther in the Bible? Who would ever think that an Akinwunmi Ambode, two years to his tenure, would not get a second term, having been praised to high heavens by Tinubu, Gbajabiamila and endorsed for second term by the 57 local government chairmen? But the tide changed and it pleased God to bring in Sanwo-Olu. That’s how God works. The same people who had initially endorsed Ambode for the second term, were the same people who endorsed Sanwo-Olu. Babatunde Fashola was a goner in early 2010 but God used me and Bamidele Aturu (of blessed memory) to stop the political tsunami against him. Each time the case came up, Aturu and l would go the car, hold hands and prayed. Same ritual after each court hearing. It was as if our lives depended on it but l never knew Fashola till months after we got judgment. Why I’m l saying all these? I’m not perpurbed about the political climate because l know God rules in the affairs of men. Make all the noise and permutations, His ways are not our ways. May His will be done. •Source:Facebook By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Group under the auspices of Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, (CAGG) has called on former Vice President and business mogul, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar to shelve any ambition he might be nursing for the presidency in 2023. Olusegun Bamgbose, Esq., National Coordinator, pointed out… In "Top Stories" Nigerian legendary actor, Pete Edochie, has endorsed his son, Yul for the 2023 presidential race. Yul broke the news in a video shared on his social media pages on Thursday. “My Father Chief Pete Edochie endorses my 2023 Presidential ambition… God Almighty, take absolute control,” he captioned the post. In… In "Entertainment" I look at politics and politicians in my part of Nigeria (Southwest) today and I cannot but remember Chief Obafemi Awolowo's brand of politics longingly. I am a believer in the approach of Chief Obafemi Awolowo to politics and governance because that approach, precisely,  was responsible for his tremendous success.… In "Opinion"