A section of the Katsina State House of Assembly Complex has been consumed by fire again, eight months after the complex suffered a similar fate. Hon. Tasi’u Maigari, the Speaker of the state assembly while confirming the incident disclosed that the incident which occurred Sunday night, affected the office of the Clerk of the assembly, his deputy and the legislative common room. He said, “the fire started at about 6.30 p.m on Sunday, but men of the Fire Service were able to quickly intervene and prevented it from spreading beyond the affected offices.” To unravel the cause of the inferno, the House Speaker on Tuesday while addressing Journalists at the assembly complex said, “a committee headed by the House Leader, Abubakar Suleiman Abukur, has been set up to investigate the cause of the inferno among other matters.” Efforts by newsmen to access the complex to ascertain the level of damage were however frustrated as staff of the assembly denied access to the affected offices saying, “we have been directed not to allow any pictures or videos of the affected offices taken.” However, a source privy to the development said the incident could be attributed to “high power voltage which started in one of the affected offices destroying five offices including some equipment and documents.” By Abbas Bamalli Kano -  The Kano State House of Assembly has called on the State Government to, as a matter of urgency, provide additional security personnel in all the boarding schools across the state. The Assembly made the call on Tuesday following the presentation of a joint committee report… In "Education" Kano -  The Kano State House of Assembly on Monday in Kano called on the state government to provide access roads in three major markets in the state. It listed the markets as Singer, Abubakar Rimi and Kurmi. The House made the call shortly after the presentation of a joint… In "News" •Burnt Onitsha market stalls By Pamela Eboh Many traders are now counting their losses in the aftermath of the fire disaster of Wednesday, October 16, 2019. Apart from the destruction of people’s means of livelihood by the inferno, it took with it about eleven souls including a mother and child… In "Features"