Proxy war among contenders for the 2023 presidential ticket of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is gathering steam, it was learnt yesterday.  Those who have signified interest for the opposition party’s slot include former Vice President Atiku Abubakar; former Senate presidents Pius Anyim and Bukola Saraki, governors Aminu Tambuwal (Sokoto) and Bala Mohammed (Bauchi). Others are: former Kano State Governor Rabiu Kwankwaso; industrialist Mazi Sam Ohuabunwa and Ovation magazine publisher Dele Momodu. Atiku’s former aide and political associate Segun Sowunmi fired the first salvo in his letter to the PDP Governors Forum last week, asking the party to reject “kindergarten president and commander-in-chief. Sowunmi’s letter was viewed as a veiled reference to younger contenders in the race against 75-year-old Atiku, who he described as “highly experienced”. The letter reads in part: “Everyone wants to be President after Buhari but not everyone can do the work that a post-Buhari President will be called upon to do. Presidential powers and privileges mean nothing if the prerequisite experience is absent. We cannot jump from frying pan to fire.” Spokesman of a group within the PDP, Dr. Rufus Omeire, defended the young elements jostling for the PDP ticket. He queried Atiku’s political relevance above other aspirants. Writing under the eagis of the PDP Action 2023, Omeire questioned Sowunmi’s classification of Atiku as an “experienced” politician, stating that the forever vice president only played subordinate roles in public offices he held in the past. Omeire stated: “With respect to relevant experience for the top job, let us x-ray the candidates. Atiku Abubakar’s public sector experience consists of Deputy Director of Customs, a subordinate position. Proxy war among contenders for the 2023 presidential ticket of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is gathering steam, it was learnt yesterday. Those who have signified interest for the opposition party’s slot include former Vice President Atiku Abubakar; former Senate presidents Pius Anyim and Bukola Saraki, governors Aminu Tambuwal (Sokoto) and Bala Mohammed (Bauchi). Others are: former Kano State Governor Rabiu Kwankwaso; industrialist Mazi Sam Ohuabunwa and Ovation magazine publisher Dele Momodu. Atiku’s former aide and political associate Segun Sowunmi fired the first salvo in his letter to the PDP Governors Forum last week, asking the party to reject “kindergarten president and commander-in-chief. Sowunmi’s letter was viewed as a veiled reference to younger contenders in the race against 75-year-old Atiku, who he described as “highly experienced”. The letter reads in part: “Everyone wants to be President after Buhari but not everyone can do the work that a post-Buhari President will be called upon to do. Presidential powers and privileges mean nothing if the prerequisite experience is absent. We cannot jump from frying pan to fire.” Spokesman of a group within the PDP, Dr. Rufus Omeire, defended the young elements jostling for the PDP ticket. He queried Atiku’s political relevance above other aspirants. Writing under the eagis of the PDP Action 2023, Omeire questioned Sowunmi’s classification of Atiku as an “experienced” politician, stating that the forever vice president only played subordinate roles in public offices he held in the past. Omeire stated: “With respect to relevant experience for the top job, let us x-ray the candidates. Atiku Abubakar’s public sector experience consists of Deputy Director of Customs, a subordinate position.   Source ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Former Vice President of Nigeria and leading aspirant for the ticket of the Peoples Democratic Party in the presidential election of 2019, Atiku Abubakar has defeated Senate President, Bukola Saraki and former Governor of Kano State, Sen. Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso in an online poll conducted by… In "Politics" After successfully installing members of the National Working Committee (NWC), governors elected on the ticket of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) are set to produce the party’s presidential ticket, it was learnt at the weekend. This has put the ambition of three major contenders – former Vice President Atiku Abubakar,… In "News" ...As Saraki Informs That His Ambition is Not a Betrayal of Atiku By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) may have chosen the permutation of picking its presidential flag bearer in next year’s election from the Northwest geo-political zone.   Recall that the Northwest as at… In "Top Stories"