AS jostling for the All Progressives Congress, APC, presidential ticket gets tougher, Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, SAN, has warned his supporters against insulting or abusing APC National Leader and former Governor of Lagos State, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu. Osinbajo served as Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice in Lagos under Tinubu. Both men are eyeing the APC 2023 presidential ticket, which has elicited exchanges between their supporters. Some supporters of Tinubu had accused Osinbajo of being an ingrate for not supporting Tinubu’s presidential quest despite what Tinubu did for him politically. Sources close the VP, said Osinbajo is against any one abusing Tinubu and has therefore warned his supporters: “Even if his supporters abuse my mother, don’t retaliate. On no account must he be insulted or denigrated.” Also, sources have revealed that a major plank of Osinbajo’s support base is the northern emirs, who consider Osinbajo to have demonstrated uncommon loyalty to President Muhammadu Buhari. Apart from the emirs, four Northern Governors, two from the North-West and two from the North-Central, are also said to be rooting for the Vice President. But Tinubu is said to be more popular in the north. •President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice President Yemi Osinbajo BY GBEMIGA OGUNLEYE Since  Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu threw his hat into  the ring of next year's presidential race, the hottest topic in town has been whether the Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo - PYO- will also contest for the office of… In "Social Media Feeds" •Clockwise: President Muhammadu Buhari, APC National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and Vice President Yemi Osinbajo Anyone who has monitored Nigerian political punditry in the institutional news media and on social media in the last few weeks would be led to suppose that only candidates of the improperly named All… In "Opinion" •Asiwaju Bola Tinubu In his article, “Osinbajo’s Road to Abuja: The Untold Story,” Olawale Olaleye told how Osinbajo ‘defeated’ Bola Tinubu to become Muhammadu Buhari’s vice-presidential candidate. According to the story, early in 2015, as soon as Buhari became the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu… In "Opinion"