The leader of Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu, never denied being the leader of the Igbo nationalist organisation while taking his plea at a Federal High Court in Abuja on Wednesday, his lawyer, Ifeanyi Ejiofor, has said.  According to the lawyer, the clarification became necessary because of what he described as “deliberate misrepresentation/falsehood and wrong narratives being perpetuated by some mischief makers” and gaining prominence in social media. Ejiofor said this in a statement on Thursday titled, “Onyendu Mazi Nnamdi Kanu never denied being the leader of IPOB – Let the records be set straight”. According to him, it was pertinent to provide clarification and clear the doubt. He said, “S.M. Labaran Esq, who stood in yesterday (Wednesday) for the Director of Public Prosecution of the Federation is a colleague I hold in high esteem, but I shall resist every mischievous ploy being adopted to misinform the unsuspecting members of the public who were not privy to the details of the proceedings in court yesterday, with a wrong and mischievous interpretation of the purport of the plea taken by our indefatigable client – Onyendu Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. “For the records, Onyendu Mazi Nnamdi Kanu never denied being the leader of IPOB while taking his plea, but only stoutly denied the fact that IPOB is a terrorist organisation and that being its leader is an offence, which position is well informed. “Members of the public should be well guided that the status of the black market order proscribing IPOB is a subject of Appeal in Appeal Number: Appeal No. CA/A/214/2018, pending before the Court of Appeal, Abuja Division. “That being said, it is only laughable that the Federal Government of Nigeria (FGN) in their desperate but futile attempt to give a dog a bad name in order to hang it, brought a charge bordering on the status of IPOB, a subject matter of a competent Appeal, where issues have been joined with the same FGN. “Therefore, be properly guided UmuChineke, because we have sufficiently addressed the emptiness of that count an entire charge in our compelling submissions before the Court, now adjourned to be heard on February 16, 2022. “We do not wish to dwell further on this subject, but be rightly informed that Onyendu Mazi Nnamdi Kanu never denied being the leader of IPOB while taking his plea yesterday.”  Source The Department of State Services has accused the Indigenous People of Biafra of lying against the agency. According to Vanguard, DSS said IPOB leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu is not getting any ill-treatment in its facilty. It said Kanu is being given a very Important Person treatment contrary to claims by… In "News" Nnamdi Kanu's lawyer, Ifeanyi Ejiofor has accused politicians in southeast of cowardice - The lawyer also claimed that the selfish interest of the leaders stopped them from supporting the demands by IPOB - Ejiofor insisted that governors in the region have no power to proscribe IPOB Barrister Ifeanyi Ejiofor, lawyer… In "Top Stories" Some more details have emerged of how Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) was rearrested by the Nigerian government, SaharaReporters reports. A source privy to the illegal abduction of the IPOB leader has revealed to SaharaReporters how Kanu was abducted in Kenya and brought to Nigeria.… In "News"