By James Samuel Minna (Sundiata Post) – Niger State Governor, Abubakar Sani Bello has urged the security agencies to intensify efforts towards ensuring the safe rescue of the abducted Chinese engineer working at the Sino-Hydro Electric Power Dam Zungeru. The Governor in a statement said the terrorists attack and abduction of the hydro workers despite the presence of security personnel attached to the facility has raised more concerns. He said the attack apart from being disturbing would also cause some setbacks to the Dam project which the Federal government has been making efforts to complete at stipulated time. Governor Sani Bello, said it was really sad to hear about the attack and more worrisome to know that lives of the labourers were involved. “This action might negatively affect the completion of the Zungeru Dam which is of great significance to the country, he said. “My heart goes out to the family of the labourers that were killed and those that were injured. He however pray that Allah forgive the deceased and grant them Aljannah Firdausi, while wishing those injured quick recovery. The Governor who reiterated the need for the security agents to restrategise and do everything possible to bring the criminal activities to the lowest level, especially as those perpetrators have recently been declared terrorists by the federal government. He then commended the efforts of the security personnel in the state who engaged the terrorists. It would be recall there was a reported case that terrorists in their numbers attacked some workers, including Chinese Nationals working on a transmission line tower along Gussase village recently. The Police tactical team attached to the facility were said to have engaged the terrorists in a gun duel which led to the killing of three labourers, while two sustained bullet wounds and have been taken to hospital for medical attention. Four of the workers were said to have been rescued but three of the Chinese Nationals were kidnapped by the terrorists. Gov. Abubakar Sani-Bello of Niger, has condemned the abduction of the Permanent Secretary of the state Ministry of Transport, Dr Ibrahim Musa and his son, in Zungeru town. Sani-Bello in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Mrs Mary Noel-Berje, in Minna on Saturday, also condemned the murder of villagers… In "News" The Chairman of the NGF, Dr Kayode Fayemi, gave this indication when he led some members of the forum on a solidarity visit to the Niger State Governor, Sani Bello, in Minna, the state capital. Recall that gunmen on Wednesday last week stormed Government Science College, Kagara in the Rafi… In "News" NAN reports that some bandits have kidnapped two Chinese workers at the Zungeru Hydro Power Dam project in Niger State where they killed two security guards. Secretary to Niger State Government, Alhaji Ahmed Matane, confirmed this to newsmen in Minna on Wednesday. He said details would be made available later. In "News"