BAUCHI – Bauchi Police Command has warned the public against fraudsters ahead of the recruitment of police constables, scheduled to commence in February 2022. A statement signed by SP Ahmed Wakil, the spokesperson of the command and made available to newsmen in Bauchi on Saturday, called on the applicants to watch out for fraudsters, who might claim to be influential in the recruitment process. “Don’t allow people of questionable character to take advantage by using sweet talks and empty promises capable of duping you by dispossessing you of your valuables. “Recruitment into the Nigerian Police Force is free,” he said. “Whoever is found wanting, including the applicants, will be arrested, investigated and prosecuted. “The exercise is absolutely free of charge and without pecuniary obligation,” he said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), quoting an official federal government statement, reports that the exercise is part of the proposed recruitment of additional 10,000 personnel into the force. The statement added that the federal government recently directed the police service commission (PSC) to recruit 10,000 qualified able-bodied men into the force. He assured that the exercise will be accountable and transparent.(NAN) By Joseph Edeh Abuja -  The Police Service Commission (PSC) has warned recruitment fraudsters still opening and operating fake Facebook accounts of its chairman to deceive unsuspecting applicants to desist from such act. The commission gave the warning in a statement by its Head of Press and Public Relations, Mr Ikechukwu Ani,… In "Metro" By Muhammad Nasir Bello Sokoto - The Police Command in Sokoto State on Wednesday says it has screened over 785 candidates from nine local government areas seeking to join the police as Constables. A statement by the Command Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), ASP Muhammad Sadiq, said those screened were… In "News" Kano  - The Kano State Police Command has warned the public against the activities of some fraudsters extorting money from unsuspecting people on the pretext of getting them enlisted into the police. This is contained in statement signed by the Public Relations Officer of the command, ASP Magaji Majiya and… In "News"