GOVERNOR Nyesom Wike on Thursday presented N30million to the families of three police officers killed in the line of duty under the State Police Command last year. The deceased officers, Police Inspectors Isaac Isodje, Saviour Udeh and Ebenezer Edward who served under Diobu Division were murdered by armed men while on a stop and search duty in November 2021. Presenting the cheques on behalf of the Governor to the deceased officers’ families, Rivers State Commissioner for Information and Communications, Pastor Paulinus Nsirim, said the gesture demonstrates Wike’s commitment to ensure that the families of policemen who lost their lives in the cause of serving the State were not left in misery. “This is a token of love from Governor Wike to the families. Though money cannot replace a life, it is a way of showing love to all officers and men who serve in Rivers that the State Government will always be behind them no matter the situation they find themselves in.ALSO READ: N/Assembly workers set to down tool next week over 8 months unpaid minimum wage “So, the amount here is a token of love from the Governor as a man who has the milk of human kindness and compassion to cushion the impact of this great loss,” he said. Nsirim said Wike recognises the value of service the police render to the State and conveyed the condolences of Governor to the State Police Command and the bereaved families, praying God to grant the bereaved the fortitude to bear the loss. The Commissioner of Police, Rivers Command, Eboka Friday described Governor Wike’s intervention as an uncommon gesture of encouragement in the country. He recalled that two of the officers were killed while carrying out a stop and search operation in the Diobu area of the State capital on November 2, last year while the third officer was killed on November 9, last year, while on an operation to apprehend the killers of the two officers. Responding on behalf of the recipients, Mr Isaac Okeoghene, son of one of the deceased, thanked Governor Wike for the gesture and prayed that God will reward him in due time. Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike says no amount of intimidation will make the state succumb to any secessionist agenda. The governor stated this in a reaction to the overnight attacks on police formations in Rivers State, after presiding over an emergency security meeting on Saturday. In… In "Top Stories" The Inspector-General of Police, Mr Mohammed Adamu, will on Friday begin visits to the police commands across the country to boost the morale of officers and men of the Nigeria Police Force.   The PUNCH on Thursday gathered that the morale of members of the force was low following the… In "News" PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - The Rivers State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has expressed shock that the Governor Nyesom Wike Administration has dropped charges against three notorious armed robbery suspects alleged to have killed police and army personnel. A statement signed by Dr. Davies Ikanya and sent… In "Top Stories"