The National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu, has hailed the Federal Government for lifting the ban it placed on access to Twitter.  In a tweet via his Twitter handle, operated by the Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu Media Office, the former Governor of Lagos noted that the microblogging platform afforded Nigerians the opportunity for social and economic empowerment. Tinubu, however, noted that despite the many opportunities Twittwe presented, it is sometimes misused by Nigerians. Tinubu wrote, “Social media – indeed all media – including Twitter, are a means for us to all communicate, report, share and engage with stories and each other; to enable economic and social empowerment for Nigerians. But they can be and sometimes are misused. “I commend the FG for recognising these aspects and most importantly, concluding negotiations for the safe return of access to Twitter to the millions of Nigerians who use it, daily.” On Monday, Tinubu said he had told the President, Major Gen. Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), of his intention to run for the country’s top political seat. Meanwhile, many Nigerians have indicated that the APC chieftain would use the platform to push his campaign ahead of the 2023 elections.  Source •APC National Leader, Asiwaju Tinubu By Abdullateef Aliyu LAGOS - The All Progressives Congress (APC) has reacted to the petition submitted to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) against the National Leader of the party, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu. A group under the aegis of concerned Nigerians had submitted the petition to… In "Politics" Bolaji Buhari Lagos -   A National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, on Thursday advised Nigerians not to accept the apologies tendered by the People ‘s Democratic Party (PDP) for its mistakes while in power. Tinubu made the statement while speaking at a colloquium organised… In "Top Stories" Some section of twitter users on Sunday trolled the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, Chief Bola Tinubu, following the declaration of Governor Godwin Obaseki of the People’s Democratic Party as the winner of the September 19 governorship election in Edo State. Reno Omokri, a former aide to ex-President… In "News"