The Chairman of Lokoja Branch of Egume Ome Descendants Union, Comrade Noah Ocheni, has pledged that the association will not relent in complementing the government’s efforts to tackle cases of kidnapping, robbery and banditry in Egume Community and Kogi State at large.  Ocheni gave the assurance while speaking at the get-together organised for members to mark the end of year 2021 and the beginning of year 2022 in Lokoja over the weekend. The Chairman who expressed delight over the improved security situation in Egume Community urged the people to sustain the tempo describing the feat as a welcome development. He commended the National Body of the Union for the release of over two million Naira to constitute the Akogu Omaga Vigilante Group and support its operations in the community. He, therefore, urged members to shun nonchalant attitudes and embrace the spirit of contributing their quota towards the development of their fatherland and the process of the union. This, he said could be achieved by prompt response to fundraising when the need arises to support their community projects. Ocheni disclosed that within the one year in office, the Executive has facilitated the provision of foreign hospital beds and medical equipment to the community hospital through Kogi State Sustainable Development Goals. Within the period, he pointed out that the union has improved its financial records and has contributed financially towards the rehabilitation of community roads within Egume metropolis. The Chairman further assured that in the new year, work on the construction of its secretariat in Lokoja will commence on the land which had already been acquired, and charged the women wing of the union to rally around their husbands to achieve this objective. Commandant General of Military Assistant Corps based in Lokoja, Dr Sam Balogun, who delivered a lecture on the security situation in the society commended the efforts of the Egume community to curb the rising insecurity in the area, maintaining that security is everyone’s business. Balogun said that security of lives and property in any given society should not be left for government alone stressing that the major summary of what security entails is the protection of lives and property of citizens which should be a joint business of both government and the people. The Chairman of the occasion, Comrade Aaron Akeji, on behalf of other members of the union, passed a vote of confidence on the executive members of the union saying that since their assumption of office one year ago have done very well in piloting the affairs of the association. He, therefore, called for cooperation and sacrifice by members of the union especially financial contribution towards any meaningful project embarked upon by the Lokoja branch of the union. Akeji appreciated God for the successful crossing from the year 2021 to this year, 2022 despite some unavoidable challenges.  Source By Friday Idachaba Lokoja - Kogi Police Command has confirmed the killing of Mr Attah Isah, Chairman of Egume Community Vigilance Group in Dekina Local Government Area by armed men on Sunday evening. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Kogi Command, Mr Williams Aya (DSP), who made the confirmation to… In "Metro" By Stephen Adeleye Lokoja - The Kogi Government on Monday, said 28 suspected criminals had been arrested at different locations across the state in the last seven days. A statement by Mr Onogwu Muhammed, the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor in Lokoja, said that the suspects were arrested by… In "News" By Kola Adeyemi Lokoja -  Three gunmen attacked Royal Garden Relaxation Spot in Egume, Dekina Local Government of Kogi on Friday, killing one person and injuring many others, the police said on Saturday. Accordding to state police command, the armed men shot sporadically into the premises of the relaxation spot… In "News"