The senator representing Ondo South Senatorial District at the National Assembly, Nicholas Tofowomo, has declared that the ruling All Progressives Congress has failed the people in its governance of the country.  Tofowomo, a member of the Peoples Democratic Party, also cleared the air that he had no plan to defect to the APC, saying he would rather quit politics permanently than join the ruling party. The senator stated this at the training and empowerment for the youths in the southern senatorial district of the state, on Information and Communication Technology. Tofowomo lamented that since the inception of the APC administration m in 2015, it had been woes and sad tales of events for Nigerians. According to him, APC is dead in Ondo South. He said, “Armed robbery and banditry are now an integral part of Nigeria. Nobody is safe, it is as bad as that. So, APC has failed the nation. The APC doesn’t have an agenda. “Rather than going to APC, I’ll leave politics because APC is a dead party in Nigeria. They have wrecked the economy of this country. So, it is over my dead body, I can never decamp. Look at the Nigerian Police, they have continued to allow them to work in terrible workplaces. The police stations ought to have been refurbished. When you talk about Nigerian Army, the Boko Haram crisis is there. “When they took power, a bag of rice was N6000, now it is about N35,000. So it is a party that is not sellable. People are decamping from APC to PDP daily. So everybody knows that APC has failed the nation.”  Source By Aderemi Bamgbose Okitipupa (Ondo State) - Sen. Nicholas Tofowomo, representing Ondo South Senatorial District at the National Assembly, has refuted claims that he was dumping the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). In a statement signed by his Media Aide, Olumide Akinrinlola, on Monday… In "Politics" By Aderemi Bamgbose Okitipupa (Ondo State) - Sen. Nicholas Tofowomo, representing Ondo South Senatorial District at the National Assembly, has predicted that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) would defeat the current All Progressives Congress (APC) admistration in the state 2020 gubernatorial election. Sen. Tofowomo in a statement by his media… In "Politics" By Aderemi Bamgbose Okitipupa (Ondo State) - Sen. Nicholas Tofowomo, representing Ondo South Senatorial District, has congratulated Hon. Gboluga Ikengboju, representing Okitipupa/Irele Federal Constituency over his victory at the Court of Appeal on Thursday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Appeal Court in Akure had, on Thursday,… In "News"