By Kingsley Chukwuka Abuja (Sundiata Post) – In an annual cultural festival known as Bit Gamai held Friday, at Governor Simon Lalong’s home town in Shendam Local Government Area of Plateau State, political big wings, businessmen, raised over N100 million to build a cultural center for the community. The body responsible for the festival, Gamai Unity and Development Association (GUDO), said the cultural center will serve as a bastion of culture. The Nasarawa State Governor, Mr. Abdullahi Sule, who chaired the occasion described Bit Gamai as a way of life that distinguishes people in dressing, value and believe system. The Governor who was represented by his Deputy, Dr. Emma Akabe, commended the effort of the association to sustain cultural values. ”We can only prosper as a people when we keep our culture alive. I commend Governor Lalong for keeping the peace and I urge people of the State to support him for greater development”, Sule said. The Deputy Speaker, House of Representatives, Idris Wase who was also at the occasion said, Shendam LGA has kept it’s status as headquarters of lower Plateau by uniting the people. Wase said building Plateau is a collective responsibility as such they should remain united. He lauded Lalong for restoring peace in the State, saying that the effort has brought people from all works of life back to Plateau. The Deputy Speaker said he will always support Lalong as the Governor played a key role in his emergence as Deputy Speaker of the green chambers “Come rain or sunshine we shall walk together for the sake of Plateau State and together we will define benefits that come to the State. ”Today with the efforts of the Governor and members in the national assembly, the new polytechnic will take off in January as appropriation has been made for it”. The Deputy Speaker said apart from the cultural center coming to the Shendam LGA, electrification of the LGA is under way. ”1 billion naira has been earmarked for electrification of southern Plateau” he said. Responding, Governor Lalong said the development of the entire State has been his priority, adding that peace which topped his list of priorities has been greatly achieved, accounting for the large turnout of guests who attended the occasion. He said he will continue to work for the good of Plateau until 2023 when he will exit as Governor. According to him: “As part of the on going legacy projects, the Shendam by pass, Ajikamai/Shimankar road, the longest bridge in Plateau State and other projects are being completed for the benefit of the people. “All I need is peace and security to be sustained and projects such as the federal polytechnic Nyak, hospitals and other developmental infrastructure will come to the State”, he said. Shendam(Plateau) - Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau has urged ethnic groups in the country to preserve their languages and save them from extinction. Lalong made the call on Saturday at the 2015 Gamai Cultural Festival in Shendam Local Government Area of the state, where he hails from. He said that… In "News" Shendam (Plateau) - Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau says the state government will strengthen traditional institutions to enable them to contribute significantly in the peace building process. The governor said this on Saturday at a cultural festival known as Bit Pol. 2016 which was held at Ajikamai, his home town,… In "News" … As Governor Inuwa Yahaya praises Mai Kaltungo for sustaining annual festival By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Gombe State Governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya of has restated the commitment of his administration towards promoting cultural values and heritage as a way of strengthening bond of unity and harmony among… In "Metro"