A Federal High Court in Abuja, on Wednesday, fixed February 10 for the hearing of a suit seeking to stop the Nigeria Police Force and the Attorney-General of the Federation from arresting and extraditing a suspended Deputy Commissioner of Police, Abba Kyari.  Justice Donatus Okorowo fixed the date following the absence of the plaintiff, the Incorporated Trustees of the Northern Peace Foundation and the two defendants, the NPF and the AGF, in court. Although the suit was slated for mention before a new judge, Justice Okorowo, none of the parties showed up in court and were also not represented by legal practitioners. Shortly after the suit was called and no lawyer announced appearance for the applicant and the respondents, the judge inquired from the court registrar who the plaintiff was and he was told Kayode Ajulo. The judge said since the case was transferred to his court, the respondents had not been served as there was no proof of service in the court records. According to him, it is either the applicant has lost interest in the matter or has abandoned it. Justice Okorowo, however, said since the matter was coming for the first time before him, he would prefer to give the applicant till February 10 to be in court to prosecute the suit. He, therefore, ordered that a hearing notice be served on the applicant. The ITNPF had through its team of lawyers, led by Ajulo, on August 19, 2021 argued an ex parte application asking the court to stop any planned arrest or extradition of Kyari to the United States of America by the defendants pending the hearing and final determination of the substantive suit. However, after carefully listening to the lawyer, Justice Ahmed Mohammed, who was handling the suit at the time, refused to grant the request to stop Kyari’s arrest and extradition through ex parte means. Kyari was indicted by the US Federal Bureau of Investigations in an alleged multi-million naira fraud said to have been perpetrated by a Nigerian citizen, Ramon Olorunwa Abbas, popularly known as Hushpuppi.  Source By Wandoo Sombo Abuja - The Federal High Court Abuja will on Dec. 4,  deliver judgment in the suit filed by the Police Service Commission (PSC) against the Nigeria Police Force over the recruitment of 10,000 constables.The trial judge, Justice Inyang Ekwo fixed the date on Wednesday after hearing arguments… In "Metro" LAGOS - Gov. Ayo Fayose of Ekiti on Tuesday challenged the jurisdiction of a Federal High Court, Lagos, to entertain a suit filed by Mr Adewale Omirin, the impeached Speaker of Ekiti House of Assembly, and 18 other members. Omirin and the lawmakers had sued the governor and seven lawmakers… In "News" A Federal High Court, Abuja on Wednesday fixed Nov. 24 for a suit filed by some women groups for the Federal Government to implement the 35 per cent affirmative action.The court fixed the date following the inability of the presiding judge, Donatus Okorowo, to hear the case.The News Agency of… In "News"