The Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, said he is making consultations with political leaders and would make his intentions on the 2023 presidency known by Easter.  The minister spoke at the Anambra office of the Federal Ministry of Labour and Employment in Awka at the weekend when he gave out empowerment facilities to members of the All Progressives Congress in the state. Ngige said, “We’ve started political talks again. Please, give me around Easter where we’re going to have another session like this to discuss your request. “I’m still consulting the political leaders in the country on your request, by that time I will decide, I know it’s my right to decide on that. I will take such decision at the appropriate time.” A group of Anambra women led by Nancy Okafor had asked Ngige to declare for the presidency, adding that he was the right person from the South-East for the position. Okafor said, “We don’t want to wait for three months for you to decide whether to run or not, we’re mandating you to throw your hat in the ring for that position.”   Source Minister of Labour and Employment, Chris Ngige, has advised people of the Southeast to join the two main political parties, All Progressives Congress, APC, or Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, if they must produce Nigeria’s next president in 2023. Ngige made the remark while urging Southeast politicians to re-strategise and make… In "Politics" Enugu -  The Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige, has said that governors of South-East are not taking advantage of regional integration to grow the zone’s economy. Ngige made this known at the Enugu State Investment Summit on Friday. He said that the region was economically backward due… In "Business" The next general elections may be two years away, but the debate about which part of the country should produce the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate has begun to heat up the polity. While some members of the party have hinted of a possible return of the presidency to… In "Politics"