Nigerian celebrity couple, Banky W and Adesua Etomi are celebrating today.  The couple are celebrating the first birthday of their son, Hazaiah. The wife, Nollywood actress, Etomi took to her social media page to share a video and wrote: “A year ago, God gave me the best gift ever. He placed the most precious jewel in my care. A year ago, God saved my life after suffering a postpartum haemorrhage and I’m still here only because he had his way. It’s been a year filled with lots of love, joy, peace and laughter. Hazaiah, the one who yahweh seesMy joyful babyMy funny babyMy pacesetter After Jesus, You are the light of our livesI am so grateful to God for youNations will rise and call you blessedNations will come to your light and Kings to the brightness of your rising You will forever be the Head and not the tailThe Lord shield you, announce you, defend you and favour you Anyone who blesses you is blessedAnyone who curses you is cursedI declare that you are a city set upon a hill, you glory will never be hidden You are salt of the earth, you will never lose your flavour You will always be a source of Joy in Jesus name. Amen I love you more than I can possibly put into words. My Sunshine. My baby. My darling. HAPPY BIRTHDAY ZAZA. You mean the world to us.” Watch video below: Nigerian musician, Banky W and his wife, Nollywood actress, Adesua Etomi have thanked God after welcoming a child. The couple welcomed a baby boy. Sharing the news on her 33rd birthday today, Mrs Wellington shared her maternity photos and wrote: "You have a track record of keeping your word. Ọlọrun… In "Entertainment" Some Nigerian celebrities have reacted to the latest news of Banky W’s engagement to Actress Adesua Etomi. Banky W on Wednesday broke the internet after much pressure to get married as he revealed he was finally settling down with Etomi  The development has generated many reactions from celebrities and Nigerians… In "Entertainment" By Busayo Onijala Lagos -  Nigerian celebrities: Adesuwa Etomi, Toke Makinwa, Banky W and others have continued to congratulate newly wedded Simi and Adekunle Gold on their marriage and the release of a new song. After a few days of being silent about their union, they broke the internet on… In "Entertainment"