Two new subjects have been introduced by the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) for the upcoming UTME.  The subjects are – Computer Studies and Physical and Health Education, according to a report by NAN. The board disclosed this in its weekly bulletin released by the Director of Public Relations, Dr. Fabian Benjamin, and made it available to newsmen in Abuja on Monday. It said that candidates sitting for the UTME could now pick Computer Studies or Physical and Health Education as part of the four required UTME subjects, if they so desire or as dictated by their programme preferences. The board said that the addition of the two subjects to the existing 23 UTME subjects would commence from the 2022 UTME exercise. According to the board, the move is to enhance the career prospects of students transiting to tertiary institutions. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that with the addition, there are now 25 UTME subjects to be written by candidates. Others are Agricultural Science, Arabic, Art, Biology, Chemistry, Christian Religious Studies, Commerce, Economics, French, Geography, Government, Hausa, History, and Home Economics. Others are Igbo, Islamic Studies, Literature in English, Mathematics, Music, Physics, Principles of Accounts, Use of English, and Yoruba.  JAMB says it has taken over the collection of the N700 registration fee for the Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME), from 2022. It said in its weekly bulletin issued in Abuja on Monday that it would collect the approved N700 registration fee at the point of registration and remit the… In "Education" Lagos State University, LASU Post-UTME and Direct Entry forms for 2017/2018 admission screening is out. LASU cut-off mark for admission for 2017/2018 academic session  has also been released. The LASU Post-UTME (100 Level) and Direct Entry (200 Level) application forms, admission cut-off mark and screening dates are out. The 2017 LASU Post-UTME… In "Education" Lagos State University, LASU Post-UTME and Direct Entry forms for 2017/2018 admission screening is out. LASU cut-off mark for admission for 2017/2018 academic session  has also been released. The LASU Post-UTME (100 Level) and Direct Entry (200 Level) application forms, admission cut-off mark and screening dates are out. The 2017 LASU Post-UTME… In "Education"