The Leadership fo the Tricycle Owners Association (KATOA) in Kaduna have tendered an apology to the Kaduna State Government over violation of tricycle restrictions by some members. The reports on Oct. 2,2021, the Kaduna State Government began the enforcement of the ban on motorcycles and restrictions of tricycles from 6 am to 7 pm. The apology is contained in a statement signed by KATOA Chairman, Aminu Ibrahim, in Kaduna. Ibrahim also pleaded with the State Government to released the tricycles seized by traffic enforcement agencies. “This apology is predicated on the fact that members of the Association including employees operate the tricycles with the aim of engaging in legitimate business to earn a living. “Accordingly, most of our findings revealed that most of the violators of the restrictions of tricycles from 6 am to 7 pm, did not do so deliberately. “It is as a result of heavy traffic at the rush hours when most of the riders are on their way to either reach their homes or parking places and passengers who are left with no option of reaching their various destination particularly women and aged persons. “We urge you to consider our request and plea to give us a second chance,” Ibrahim said. Ibrahim said the association is embarking on a campaign through the media with jingles and other awareness aimed at cautioning members against violating the restrictions. “We assure the State Government that members will adhere strictly to the stipulated time. “We will continue to contribute our quota in the enforcement of the State Government directive,” he said. By Yemi Adeleye Lagos - The National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW), Lagos State Chapter, on Monday cautioned commercial bus drivers against hike in fares over the ban and restriction of motorcycles and tricycles’ operations in the state. The state Chairman of the NURTW, Alhaji Musiliu Akinsanya, popularly known… In "News" By Hamza Suleiman Maiduguri - The Commander, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) in Borno, Mr Ibrahim Abdullahi, has expressed concern over the spate of crimes allegedly being perpetrated by unregistered tricycle operators in the state. Abdullahi made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria,… In "Metro" KADUNA - The Amalgamated Commercial Motorcycle Owners and Riders Association has commended the Kaduna State Government for providing 1,000 tricycles to cushion the effect of the ban on commercial motorcycles in the state. Alhaji Garba Rabiu, the state Chairman of the association, made the commendation on Thursday in Kaduna in… In "News"