The Global Initiatives for Anambra Needs has urged the incoming governor of Anambra State, Prof Charles Soludo, to address the multiple abandoned federal projects in the state.  Speaking in Awka on Sunday, the Director-General, GIAN, Mr Amah Amaonye, said the people of the state were in high expectations that Soludo would tackle the issue of abandoned projects immediately he assumes office. He expressed confidence that Soludo’s influence, scorecards and performance in various positions he served, would make him deliver on his campaign promises. He said, “No problem should be seen to be unaddressed or unattended. We are aware that a major problem ofthe state is the neglect of federal projects. Therefore, a fast, potent solution must be advanced to this problem.which has left the state with many dilapidated roads and poor accessibility. “This is causing difficulty and logjam never seen before on daily basis for our people travelling in the state both on the Niger Bridge at Asaba end and the Enugu end, where the roads are in a state of total neglect. “There should be a collaborative efforts among the states, involving federal and international intervention, to proffer solution to this problem.” He urged the incoming administration not to be distracted but remain focused and formulate policies that would directly impact on the people at the grassroots. “At GIAN, our belief is that the primary responsibility of every government is to commit its energy and resources to continuously look for the problems of its citizens and to also frantically solve them,” he added.  Source By Sonnie Ekwowusi At long last the much-vaunted, or, if you like, the much-feared Anambra State Governorship Election has been concluded with Prof. Charles Soludo (APGA) coasting to victory. By electing Soludo, Ndi Anambra have made a big statement that a State which has been producing the best and brightest… In "Opinion" By Chimezie Anaso Awka - A former  governor of  Central Bank of Nigeria, Prof. Chukwuma Soludo, has  commended Gov. Willie Obiano of Anambra over his  achievements in the area of economy within three years in office. Delivering a lecture to mark the third year anniversary of Obiano’s  administration  in Awka… In "News" A former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Prof. Chukwuma Soludo, on Monday, said he supported the re-election bid of Governor Willie Obiano because he had yet to see a credible person to replace the incumbent. Soludo said this during the inauguration of Obiano’s re-election campaign at the Dr.… In "News"