THE former Minister of Lands, Housing, and Urban Development ,Chief Nduese Essien has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to complete Section 1V of the East-West road before the end of his tenure in 2023. Essien, who made the demand weekend when he addressed political stakeholders from Eket, said Section 1V of the road which passes through Eket was supposed to be dualized and not constructed as a bypass. READ ALSO:Our publicity secretary rescued from abductors, detained by police ― PDP He commended the State government for the infrastructure development of Eket but requested that the area should be industrialized. His words, “We never wanted a bypass in place of dualisation of the East West Road passing through Eket but the Federal government thought it wise to open up Eket through the bypass. “Therefore it will be criminal for the project to be abandoned, the way it seems. We want that project completed before the end of President Buhari’s tenure in 2023. “Governor Udom Emmanuel must be commended for the infrastructure development of Eket, especially the Immanuel General Hospital and roads but it should be noted that Eket use to be the industrial base of the State, we want it to be returned to its former glory. “We have entered a crucial year in the political calendar of the State and country, therefore, i implore all of us to play politics with decency and civility, the era of pull-down syndrome is gone, the prevailing peace in the State should not be scuttled by any desperate politicking”, The leader of Eket senatorial district, advised the stakeholders to be careful of the people selected into public offices in the forthcoming general elections. ” Mediocrity over merit has always been the cog in the wheel of our democratic development. This time around, our selection process must pay emphasis on competence and credibility”, he warned  By Sunday Bassey Eket (Akwa Ibom)  -.  Gov. Udom Emmanuel of Akwa Ibom has blamed the delay in the completion of Eket remodeling project on the death of the founder of Nigerpet, the construction firm handling the project. Emmanuel disclosed this on Thursday in Eket while inaugurating new internal roads… In "News" EKET (AKWA IBOM) - Stakeholders in Eket Local Government in Akwa Ibom, have expressed confidence that President Mohammadu Buhari’s administration would be disciplined, transparent and incorruptible. The stakeholders made their views known in separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), in Eket on Saturday. According to them, Buhari’s… In "News" Eket -  The Akwa Ibom Government has ordered the immediate relocation of a church following rainstorm and flood that destroyed houses and property in Eket on Monday. The state Deputy Governor, Mr Moses Ekpo, gave the directive on Wednesday when he inspected places affected by the flood on Ukpong Street,… In "News"