ABUJA -As the Federal Government commenced full implementation of the Petroleum Industry Act (PIA) in earnest, the new legislation has been tipped to provide business opportunities that will enable the Nigerian National Petroleum Company Limited (NNPC) earn more revenue for the country.  Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the company, Mallam Mele Kyari disclosed this while addressing staff of the organisation in a townhall meeting held at the NNPC Towers, at the weekend, with staff outside the Corporate Headquarters (CHQ) participating virtually. Highlighting the significance of the PIA to the NNPC and by extension the Nigerian economy, Mallam Kyari said the new legislation has raised shareholders’ expectations on the company, even as it has given it a wide room to make progress. According to the CEO, the PIA had put “all money-making options on the table; it is up to us to take advantage of it”. He said as a result of the new legislation, NNPC Ltd would not only shed some of its toxic liabilities but will be the largest and most capitalised company in the whole of Africa and, potentially, the most profitable on the entire continent. The CEO charged employees of the organisation to ensure the company becomes a commercially viable entity and a multi-billion-dollar company that will continuously deliver value to its shareholders–the over two hundred million Nigerians. •Mallam Mele Kyari, GMD/CEO, NNPC LAGOS - The Group Managing Director/CEO of NNPC Ltd, Mallam Mele Kyari has been commended for transforming the fortunes of the NNPC from a position of loss-making into a profit- making venture. The Public Policy Research & Analysis Centre (PPRAC) gave this commendation while conferring its… In "News" The Corporate Affairs Commission has completed the Incorporation of Nigerian National Petroleum Company Limited in accordance with the provisions of the Petroleum Industry Act (PIA), 2021. The PIA was signed into law by President Muhammadu Buhari on Aug. 16. Specifically, Section 53(1) of the Petroleum Industry Act 2021, requires the… In "News" Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has directed that the Nigerian National Petroleum Company Limited be incorporated. He also approved the appointment of the Board and Management of the NNPC Limited with Senator Ifeanyi Ararume as Chairman. The Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Mr Mele Kyari,… In "Top Stories"