Some football enthusiasts on Friday urged the Super Eagles to ensure victory against Sudan in their second match Group D of the African Cup Nations (AFCON). The reported that the Super Eagles will take on Sudan Falcons of Jediane on Saturday at the Roumde Adjia Stadium, Garoua, Cameroon. A cross section of the fans told NAN in separate interviews in Bauchi that it was imperative for the  team to maintain the tempo of the first match between Nigeria and Pharoahs of Egypt. They said that while the Eagles started on a good footing, a lot of work needed to be done to ensure victory. Mr Mahmood Aliyu, a football enthusiast, said there was the need for the players to keep up the spirit in their second group tie against Sudan. Aliyu said that he had confidence in the ability of the Super Eagles to win the match considering the high spirit in the camp and good condition of players. “The eagles had their recovery training session in Garoua ahead of Saturday’s encounter with Sudan, so we are expecting good game,” he said Another football enthusiast, Mr Abbati Jahun, said the Super Eagles currently top Group D with three points, Sudan and Guinea Bissau have a point each while Egypt with no points at the bottom of the group. “If the Eagles win  the next game against the Falcons of Sudan and the result in the other fixture (Egypt versus Guinea-Bissau) is favorable. “I understand that the Eagles vowed to maintain their winning momentum, we are praying for that,” he said. Mr Nasiru Kobi, North East Zonal Secretary, Sports Writers Association of Nigeria (SWAN), said Nigerians were expecting the Super Eagles to emerge victorious in the match against Sudan. Kobi said the players need to improve on their finishing because their finishing in the last match was not fantastic. He said that the Super Eagles should not be carried away by the last match against Egypt, they should come out with full force and not underrate the Sudanese team. “The Sudanese team is no serious threat to our progress, however, we need to be very careful in our defense,” he said. Mr Umar Said, Chairman, Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), Bauchi State Council, said that the match against Sudan would not be easy. He said, “with the experience of players we will count against them because the Super Eagles have quality players. “Considering our first game with highly rated Egyptians, the Eagles shouldn’t relent and underrate the Falcons of Sudan,” he said. Also, Bello Ayuba, a football player, urged the Eagles not to loose focus in the match against Sudan and Guinea Bissau. “The Super Eagles should take the match seriously, they shouldn’t loose focus to think the next game will be easy, they have to win it,” he said For his part, Sabastine Emma commended the interim Coach Augustine Eguavoen over the good coordination against Egypt, especially the team set up. He said the players demonstrated great skills and determination in the opening match against Egypt and urged them to sustain the tempo. A cross-section of football fans in Abuja on Tuesday expressed  their satisfaction with the Super Eagles’ performance against Egypt at the ongoing 2021 Africa Cup of Nations  (AFCON) in Cameroon.The News Agency  of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Nigerian side beat the Pharaohs 1-0 in their opening Group D match… In "Sports" Football enthusiasts in Enugu on Tuesday hailed the performance of the Super Eagles of Nigeria at the African Cup of Nations (AFCON) in Cameroon, which got underway on Sunday. However, the Super Eagles squared up with their Egyptian counterparts on Tuesday and the match ended 1–0 in favour of the… In "Sports" ABUJA - Sports enthusiasts have expressed confidence in the ability of the Super Eagles to win their second game against Bosnia-Herzegovina in the ongoing 2014 World cup in Brazil. The Super Eagles will lock horns with Bosnia-Herzegovina in their second Group F match on Saturday, June 21. The Eagles played… In "Sports"