“Hospital walls have heard more honest prayers than churches …They’ve seen far more sincere kisses than kisses at airports … It is at the hospital that you see a homophobic being saved by a gay doctor. The “patricinha” doctor saving the life of a beggar … In the ICU you see a Jew taking care of a racist … A police patient and a prisoner in the same ward receiving the same care … A rich patient in the liver transplant queue ready to receive the organ from a poor donor … It is at these times when the hospital touches the wounds of people that universes intersect on purpose divine and in this communion of destinies we realize that alone we are nobody! The absolute truth of people, most of the time, only appears at the moment of pain or the real threat of definitive loss “ Hospital, a place where human beings strip off their masks and show themselves as they are in their true essences. This life will pass quickly, do not fight with people, do not criticise your body so much. Don’t complain so much.Don’t lose sleep over the bills.Be sure to kiss your love ones.Don’t worry so much about making the house spotless. Goods and assets must be conquered by each one, do not dedicate yourself to accumulating inheritance. Keep the dogs closer.Don’t keep the bowls.Use the new cutlery.Don’t skimp on your favorite perfume, use it for a walk with yourself. Wear your favorite sneakers, repeat your favorite clothes, so what?If it is not wrong, why not be now? Why not take a break?Why not call now?Why not forgive now?Christmas, Friday, the next year is very much expected, when you have money, when love comes, when everything is perfect. Look, there is no such thing as perfect. The human being cannot achieve this because he was simply not made to complete himself here. Here is a learning opportunity.So, enjoy this life essay and do it now … Respect yourself, respect others; follow your path and leave the path chosen by other people, respect : do not comment, judge or meddle .. Love more, forgive more, embrace more, live more intensely and leave the rest in the Hands of the Creator.” •Source: Fred Chukwuelobe’s Wall on Facebook  Eniola Akinkuotu, Adelani Adepegba, Dayo Ojerinde, Deborah Tolu-Kolawole, Armstrong Bakam, Olufemi Olaniyi, Daud Olatunji, James Abraham, Bola Bamigbola and Abiodun Nejo 9 August 2021. The Federal Government has mandated all chief medical directors in teaching hospitals across the country to open attendance registers with a view to stopping salaries of… In "News" At that time, doctors in the intensive care unit of Policlinico San Donato phone relatives of the unit’s 25 critically-ill coronavirus patients, all of whom are sedated and have tubes down their throats to breathe, to update the families. Lunchtime used to be for visiting hours at this Milan hospital.… In "Foreign" ABUJA - Patients seeking medical attention in public health facilities across the country have continued to groan under the protracted nationwide strike by the Joint Health Sector Union (JOHESU) workers, [pro_ad_display_adzone id="8"] reports the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN). A survey by NAN on the ongoing industrial action revealed that… In "Health"