UMUAHIA – There was panic at the Federal High Court, Umuahia, on Tuesday, when fire engulfed an impounded gas tanker on the court premises.  According to PUNCH, was learnt that the fire, which firefighters battled for about three hours, started when the tanker owners were transferring its content into another truck. A source said the court had on Tuesday, January 25, 2022, granted bail in a matter involving the tanker. The vehicle, however, developed a fault and the owners brought in another truck to transfer its content into. “It was in the process of transferring the gas content from the impounded tanker to another one that fire was ignited from the pumping machine,” the source said. The prompt intervention of men of the state and federal fire services reportedly prevented the fire from getting to the Federal High Court building. It was gathered that workers at the Central Bank of Nigeria, Umuahia, supported firefighters in fetching water for their empty tank. While the incident lasted, the Chief of Staff to the Governor, Anthony Agbazuere; the Assistant Inspector-General of Police, Zone 9; the state Commissioner of Police; and the state director of the Department of State Services, were on hand to ensure that the inferno was put out. Dispensing meters of a petrol station, tanker and shops were gutted by fire on Friday following a gas explosion along Nnewi-Nnobi Road, Nnewi, Anambra state. The fire incident, which occurred around 8am, was said to have also razed a motorcycle, generator, deep freezers and other items along the road. The… In "Metro" According to a report by The PUNCH, some motorists on Friday deserted the road in front of Olarem Filling Station at the Basorun area of Ibadan as a petrol-laden tanker exploded in the area. It was gathered that the petrol tanker was discharging fuel to the underground tank at the… In "News" Commuters, motorists and transport workers plying Apakun Bridge, Iyana Isolo, in the Oshodi area of Lagos State, were thrown into panic after a petrol-laden tanker exploded on Thursday. PUNCH Metro gathered that the tanker driver was conveying 33,000 litres of Premium Motor Spirit (petrol) to a destination in the state… In "News"