BY FRED CHUKWUELOBE Babatunde Raji Fashola is minister of Works and Housing of Nigeria. He is a Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN). He was governor of Lagos who is credited to have performed well. He’s a Bola Ahmed Tinubu’s boy whom he also served as Chief of Staff and Commissioner in the Governor’s office, the only person to have had that privilege. As minister he has arguably done well, even though he couldn’t give Nigeria 24-hour power supply despite boasting during GEJ era that a serious government should achieve that in six months. Since he didn’t do that when that portfolio was on his table, it means his government is not a serious one. Isn’t it so? He tried not to wrestle with former Governor Akinwunmi Ambode to avoid being smeared with mud. Ambode, who built a federal road to the Muritala Muhammad International Airport, Ikeja, and saved us from the shame visitors see once they enter our country, wanted to know how Fashola spent Lagos money, but the latter wouldn’t have any of it. He snapped. The rest is history. Don’t forget the camera Fashola found at the Admiralty Toll Plaza in Lagos after the EndSars protests. He flew all the way from Abuja to the Plaza, after the place had been swept clean and found a hidden camera. Afterwards nothing was heard of the hidden camera. Government magic. That’s in the past. The latest is that, the US government known for its efficient and effective government and the icon and beacon of democracy, a first world and the most powerful nation on planet earth, told its people the truth about our country, a duty they owe them, and our man responded. Last Thursday in Kano, he said “President Muhammadu Buhari’s All Progressives Congress (APC)-led administration has made more achievements than the United States government in terms of infrastructural development”. He told off God’s own country and said his boss, has made more progress on infrastructure in about 6 years than the US has done. I don’t know if it is since the past 200 years or in one year. If I haven’t been to the US, I probably would think he’s telling the truth or that the pictures and videos I see about the US are fake. I have been to about 50 cities in the US and I can talk authoritatively. You see, there’s something about our politicians that makes me think that staying too long in power makes them lose their senses of rational thinking or makes them talk in a manner that removes all doubts about their intelligence and further casts us in bad light as a people incapable of sound reasoning. Pray, which infrastructure is he talking about? Which America is he comparing his government with? The United States of America (USA)? Maybe he wants to be president and hopes that his sycophancy will lead Bubu to endorse him. Even at that, he has a name to protect and will have his life after this government. Hon. Minister, please retract that statement. It is not true and it is beneath you. In about a thousand years, Nigeria will be nowhere near the 🇺🇸 US in infrastructure. By then many generations would have come and gone, but this your reckless and thoughtless statement will remain and the generation then will be asking, ‘who was Babatunde Raji Fashola, SAN’? By Nse Anthony- Uko (Sundiata Post) – The Minister of Power, Works and Housing, Babatunde Raji Fashola, SAN has thrown his weight behind external borrowing to finance capital projects. Minister made the disclosure while delivering his address at the 2nd Annual Nigerian Mining Week at the Nigerian Air Force Conference… In "Business" By Lateef Raji For us in Lagos State, the last 15 years of civil administration had been an epic. Lagos has been able to live up to its alias as the “Centre of Excellence” as the successive administration continues to build upon the foundation laid by the enigmatic pathfinder, Asiwaju… In "Opinion" By Grace Alegba Lagos - Party loyalists of the Minister of Power, Works and Housing, Mr Babatunde Fashola, on Wednesday in Surulere area of Lagos took its campaign rally round the council to rally support for the All Progressive Congress (APC). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the… In "Politics"