Former Kano State Commissioner of Works and Infrastructure, Engr. Muazu Magaji has been invited by the police in Kano. Magaji confirmed the police invitation in a series of posts on his verified Facebook account. Magaji wrote in the post, “After failing to shut down my Facebook page, Kano State Government have resorted to intimidation using state police apparatus. “Moment ago, I have officially been invited to the police SIB political unit, Kano on charges I am waiting to hear!,” the Facebook post reads. When contacted over the development, spokesman of the Kano Police Command, DSP Abdullahi Haruna, said the former commissioner was invited following a criminal complaint filed against him. ALSO READ: Police rescue 16 kidnapped victims, foil another attempt in Kaduna DSP Haruna said, “The complainant filed criminal charges against him and the court directed the police to investigate, “He is expected at the police headquarters Bompai tomorrow, Tuesday,” DSP Kiyawa said. Recall that Magaji came to limelight after he was sacked by Governor Ganduje for allegedly celebrating on his Facebook account the death of late Abba Kyari, former Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari who lost his life as a result of complications from Covid-19. Magaji was later appointed Executive Chairman, state NNPC/AKK Gas Pipeline Project, and Gas Industrialisation Committee by the Governor and after sometime, he was sacked again due to what the government termed poor performance and insubordination. By Tukur Muntari Kano -   Police in Kano have arrested seven students of Government Technical College Ungoggo in Kano State in connection with alleged killing of their colleague on Saturday night. The Police Public Relations Officer of the command in the state, DSP Magaji Majiya, confirmed the arrest of… In "Metro" Kano   -     The Kano State Police Commissioner, Mr Rabi’u Yusuf, has inaugurated a team of Police detectives to investigate last Saturday’s clash between two factions of All Progressives Congress (APC) in Kano metropolis. The command’s Public Relations Officer, DSP Magaji Majiya, disclosed this while addressing a news… In "News" The Federal High Court in Abuja on Monday ordered the Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, and the Nigeria Police Force, to release a Facebook user, Mbarak Bala, who was arrested in Kaduna on February 28, 2020 for alleged blasphemous posts about Islam. Delivering judgment in the fundamental rights enforcement… In "News"