The Peoples Democratic Party in Kwara State has again charged Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq to wake up to his responsibility of protecting lives and property of the people of the State.  The party said this in a statement signed by it State Publicity Secretary, Tunde Ashaolu, and made available to our correspondent on Sunday. PDP said that the governor should take urgent action in the wake of recent security challenges plaguing the State, especially kidnappings and scourge of cultism across various educational institutions in the State. Recall that many kidnapping incidents, including that of the family of a monarch, Owalobbo of Obbo-Ayegunle, a mechanic, Sunday Balogun, his pregnant wife and apprentice which occurred on Osi-Obbo Ayegunle Road, as well as the abduction of a female industrialist, Hajia Fatima, at Alapa, and a fish farmer, Mohammed Zarma, a retired Comptroller of the Nigeria Customs Service in Oke-Jia, Egbejila in Asa local government area of Kwara State. Also, a clash between the Police and cult members in Lajolo Village in Ilorin East Local Government Area of the state which claimed two lives on Saturday. While expressing displeasure at what it described as the utter lackadaisical countenance of the governor to the numerous security issues in the State, the PDP asked him to take urgent actions as the Chief Security Officer of the state. According to the party, criminal elements including kidnappers, armed robbers, ritual killers and cultists now operate unhindered in different parts of the State, causing untold havoc and destroying lives. “Security of lives and property remains one critical responsibility of a government but it is unfortunate and painful that innocent Kwarans are daily becoming victims of the failure of the government in this regard,” PDP noted. It, therefore, called on the governor to wake up to his responsibility and save the people from insecurity ravaging the State.   Source By Abiodun Esan Ilorin - A group, Kwara Elders of Thought, has expressed support for Gov. Abdulrahman Abdulrasaq, for approving the revocation of a piece of land which had hosted the controversial ‘Ile Arugbo’ (Old people’s home) owned by the late Dr Olusola Saraki. The group, in a statement on… In "News" Police spokesman in Ekiti State, ASP Sunday Abutu, told newsmen in Ado-Ekiti on Tuesday that the traditional ruler was released in a forest in Kwara after six days in captivity. “I can confirm that the ruler has been released from captivity. He has also been reunited with his family. “He… In "News" There appears to be no solution in sight to the lingering Kwara All Progressives Congress (APC) as Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq at the weekend warned those causing disaffection in the party risk suspension. Mallam Abdulrazaq revealed that APC leadership in the state would on Monday take decisive actions on the ‘dissidents,’… In "Politics"