Owerri – Suspected hoodlums have beheaded a 65-year-old man, Nnoruoka Onyeokwu. After beheading the victim, his head was reportedly displayed at a primary school in Ubudom Atta community, in the Njaba Local Government Area of Imo State. The incident, which happened on Saturday, created panic in the community, which had been witnessing a series of violent killings since last year. A community leader, who confided in our correspondent on Monday, said Onyeokwu was attacked at night in his house. He explained that villagers woke up the next day to see his severed head on the premises of the primary school in the village. The source said, “People woke up to see his head displayed at the primary school. Nobody knows those behind the attack or why he was beheaded. The community is in panic. People are running away because of the fear of the unknown. This is unfortunate.” The state Police Public Relations Officer, Micheal Abattam, had yet to respond to an inquiry on the murder as of the time of filing this report. Recall that the traditional ruler of the community, Edwin Azike, was kidnapped on December 8, 2021, and his corpse dumped at the market square the next day. Gunmen also in June 2021 attacked and burnt a police divisional headquarters, a magistrate’s court and a health centre in the community. (Punch) According to Sun News, a primary school head at Onumaocha Okpitumo in Ikwo Local Government Area of Ebonyi State, Romanus Nworie, was reportedly electrocuted while trying to connect light from a high tension cable. However, the incident occurred in Abaomege Onicha Local Government Area of the state where he went… In "Metro" By Stanley Nwanosike   Enugu   -      Dr Eric Oluedo, the Head, Visit Every Community (VEC) Directorate, Office of the Governor Enugu State, say Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi has visited 478 communities and some special communities within two years. Oluedo disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "News" Barely 48 hours after president Muhammed Buhari reiterated his administration’s victory over incessant killing in the country and the need to regularize the activities of the herdemen in the country, a 65 -year- old -man, Mazi Ozoemena Iriaka, has been killed by herdsmen yesterday, in Umuekpu-Agwa, Oguta Local Government Area… In "News"