Popular Nigerian gospel artiste, Sammie Okposo has returned to social media after he took a break following the backlash from the cheating scandal.  The music star whose Instagram account was deactivated on January 27, made a surprise return with a gospel message to his fans. The singer said he cannot face condemnation because he is the righteousness of God. He wrote: “I am the righteousness of God in Christ. I am born of God, the life of God is in me. Christ in me, the hope of glory. I am free from the law from the power of sin, I am no longer bound by the fear of men. “God’s grace is available sufficient and working for me, Jesus already saved me not because of any works of righteousness that I have done, but because of His own compassion and mercy, by the cleansing of the new birth (spiritual transformation, regeneration) and renewing by the Holy Spirit. “Jesus is crazy about me. He loves me just the way I am. Christ has redeemed me, I live free of all my fears and my mistakes are drowned in God’s perfect Love. There is, therefore, no condemnation to me. I am in Christ Jesus, I walk not after the flesh but after the spirit, the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus has made free from the power of sin and death. Who is he or she that saith a thing and it cometh to pass when the Lord commandeth it not……NOBODY”. The 50-year-old made headlines in January after tendering a public apology to his wife and fans for having an affair with a US-based lady identified as African Doll. Sammie’s Instagram account has been set to private.  Source A United States lady, who is based in Texas and identified as African Doll, has accused Nigerian gospel music minister, Sammie Okposo, of impregnating and abandoning her. The lady in question made the accusation in a discussion with a YouTuber, Obodo Naija TV. She disclosed that she met Sammie in… In "News" Gospel singer, Sammie Okposo, has taken down a post on Instagram in which he apologised to his wife and supporters after news broke out that he got a US-based lady pregnant. The lady identified as African Doll, had on Monday called out the singer, saying he abandoned her after learning… In "News" Gospel singer, Sammie Okposo has been removed from the list of artists participating in Dunamis International Gospel Centre concert on Friday following the adultery scandal. A new flyer posted on Instagram on Tuesday shows that the singer whose name was previously listed to perform has been removed. This comes after… In "News"