The internal crisis rocking the All Progressives Congress over the February convention may have worsened with some members dragging the Mai Mala Buni-led Caretaker and Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee before a Federal High Court in Abuja.  The applicants were seeking an order of the Court to restrain the Buni-led CECPC from going ahead with the convention. Already, the Progressives Governors Forum of the APC have scheduled a meeting for this weekend in Abuja, at the Kebbi State Governors Lodge in Asokoro. The Chairman of PGF and Kebbi State Governor, Atiku Bagudu, said top on the agenda of the meeting was the national convention of the party fixed for February 2022. There had been a clamour for a change in date of the scheduled national convention. But the plaintiffs in the suit dated January 4, 2022, were Suleiman Dimas Usman, Muhammed Shehu, Samaila Isahaka, Idris Isah, and Audu Emmanuel. The APC, Chairman of APC Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee and the Independent National Electoral Commission were listed as 1-3 defendants in the Court processes obtained by journalists in Abuja on Friday. The plaintiffs in the case with suit number FHC/ABJ/CS/3/2022, filed through their lawyer, Olusola Ojo, prayed the Court for an order to stop the convention on the ground that state congresses were yet to be completed in all the 36 states of the federation. The plaintiffs raised five questions for the Court to determine and also sought eight declarative reliefs. Some of the reliefs included an order of this Court restraining the 1st and 2nd defendants from organizing and conducting the national convention of the 1st defendant unless state congresses of the 1st defendant were first concluded in all the 36 states of the federation and the Federal Capital Territory. They also prayed for an order of the Court directing the 1st and 2nd defendants to first conduct state congresses of the 1st defendant in Anambra state and Zamfara state before the national convention of the 1st defendant can be scheduled and conducted. Others were, “An order of this Honourable Court restraining the 3rd defendant from giving approval effect to any action of the 1st and 2nd defendant to organize and conduct national convention of the 1st defendant unless state congresses of the 1st defendant are first conducted/concluded in ALL the 36 states of the federation and the Federal Capital Territory.” No date has been fixed for the hearing of the case.  Source Abuja - Following the meeting with the Governors of the All Progressives Congress, President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday, approved February 2022 for the All Progressives Congress’ national convention. However, there was no specific date when the convention would hold next February, meaning that nothing was cast in stone. This comes… In "Top Stories" A former National Vice Chairman and ex-acting chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Hilliard Eta, has asked the Federal High Court in Abuja to nullify the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee of the party and declare him as the Acting National Chairman of the party. The National Executive Committee of the… In "Politics" The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), on Monday, approved February 2022 for the All Progressives Congress’ national convention. However, there was no specific date when the convention would hold next February, meaning that nothing was cast in stone. This comes just as The PUNCH learnt that crises had continued… In "Politics"