Burkina Faso on Saturday stunned the Carthage Eagles of Tunisia by a lone goal to progress to the semi-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) Cameroon 2021. Dango Ouattara’s goal on the stroke of halftime was enough for Burkina Faso to beat Tunisia at the Stade Roumdé Adjia in Garoua. Ouattara, who was sent off in the closing stages scored on the stroke of halftime to give Kamou Malo’s side the victory against the Carthage Eagles of Tunisia. The Stallions, who were without their talisman and captain Bertrand Traore, started brightly at the Omnisports Roumde stadium in Garoua. The Burkinabe controlled possession in the opening exchanges with Steeve Yago and Ibrahim Toure pulling the strings in midfield. Cyrille Bayala had the first opening of the closely contested match when he found space on the left to shoot straight at Bechir Said in the Tunisian goal midway through the first half. The Carthage Eagles were denied by Koffi on 26 minutes when he dived to his left to save Wahbi Khazri’s fierce free kick. The two sides continued to cancel each other in the midfield, while they tried to break on the counter. A defensive mistake in the Burkinabe box almost allowed Jaziri to score when he charged down Soumaila Ouattara. Dango broke the deadlock with a neat finish from a swift counter attack. Ibrahim Toure played him through on goal and he cut inside before firing past Bechir. The Tunisians returned after the break with more determination as they searched for the equaliser. Kouakou Koffi pulled another brilliant save from a set piece to keep the lead. Substitute Ali Maaloul, volleyed a sumptuous strike but Koffi was equal to it. The Stallions were reduced to 10-men late on when goal scorer Dango was sent off for swinging an arm on a Tunisian defender. The Burkinabe held on to progress to the semis of the tournament and they will meet the winner of the encounter between Senegal and Equatorial Guinea •Burkinabes celebrating a victory Dango Ouattara scored the only goal of the game – and was later sent off – as Burkina Faso defeated Tunisia at the Roumde Adjia Stadium in Garoua on Saturday night to seal a place in the semifinals of the Total Energies Africa Cup of Nations. The 19-year-old striker netted… In "Sports" Super Eagles interim coach Augustine Eguavoen on Sunday said his team did not deserve to lose against Tunisia in their 2021 Africa Cup of Nations round of 16 game. Nigeria crashed out of the AFCON on Sunday in Garoua, Cameroon after a 0-1 loss to Tunisia. The North Africans now… In "News" By SODIQ OYELEKE Super Eagles interim coach Augustine Eguavoen on Sunday said his team did not deserve to lose against Tunisia in their 2021 Africa Cup of Nations round of 16 game. Nigeria crashed out of the AFCON on Sunday in Garoua, Cameroon after a 0-1 loss to Tunisia. The… In "Top Stories"