The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Sokoto State Chapter, has resolved to join the planned Jan. 27 nationwide protest against fuel price hike The national headquarters of the NLC had directed state chapters to sensitise and mobilise members on proposed protest to oppose a planned increase in the price of petrol. This development followed a resolution by the State Executive Council (SEC) of the union at its meeting on Friday in Sokoto. Addressing newsmen after the SEC meeting, Mr Aminu Umar, the State NLC Chairman, said the resolution was in compliance with the directive of its national secretariat. “The decision of the NLC National Headquarter is in consideration of the situation of the country’s economy as well as security challenges. “This has continued to remain a great pressure on all the Nigerian masses, to a situation where it has become very hard for an average citizen to sustain his house not to talk of other responsibilities. “Therefore, the SEC in Sokoto State has unanimously agreed and supported the decision of the NLC at the national level that no retreat no surrender come Jan. 27, we will all come out to protest. “So, I want to use these medium to serve as an invitation to the leadership of our various unions, including the market women and men to join us for this fight for survival,” he said. On motorcycle loan to the state civil servants, Umar said that the SEC had resolved to share the 980 motorcycles already received from the contractors to the workers. “Also resolved was to share the remaining balance of the money to the civil servants as soft loan, considering the rate of inflation on the price of the motorcycles. “This, we will plead with Gov. Aminu Tambuwal to allow the NLC to do so in order to put the matter to rest as it is long-long overdue,” he added. The NLC chairman however congratulated the entire workforce, government and people of the state for the year 2022 as well as the governor’s 56th anniversary. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has vowed to proceed with its planned strike and protest with effect from September 28 following the failure of the Federal Government to reverse the hike in electricity tariff and fuel price. Rising from its National Executive Council… In "Top Stories" Ahead of its planned January 27 and February 1 nationwide protests following the proposed removal of petrol subsidy by the Federal Government, the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has started off mass mobilisation of civil society organisations (CSOs). In a letter signed by NLC President, Ayuba Wabba and General Secretary Emmanuel… In "Features" Abuja The National Executive Council (NEC) of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has resolved to hold a national protest on Feb. 1, 2022 against plans by the Federal Government to remove fuel subsidy. The decision is contained in a communique issued on Friday in Abuja and signed by NLC President,… In "Top Stories"