BY JOKE KUJENYA My heart is very heavy. On Saturday, tots between ages 10 & 11 flocked the hotel opposite my house in the name partying. Who knows what’s going on in other hotels across the country? I’m not talking of them attending regular children’s party; they came on bikes in their numbers, sagging their pants and walking as if they’re crippled, acting guyish, to attend end-of-year gig holding there. Impulsively, I shouted: Oh GOD, what on earth is this? They looked back but just walked into the hotel unperturbed. Yes, I’ve been praying. But I cannot go into the hotel to drag them out. So, my heart has been very heavy since then, wondering;• Which homes do they come out from?• Where would they have told their parents they were going to?• Which type of parents permit these tots to attend party unsupervised, let alone in a hotel?• Are there government rules regulating the limits of children that can go into hotels unless they’re accompanying parents or other adults? You need to see the scenario to know the gravity. I couldn’t snap any picture lest I get accused of any sort of violation. But people, it’s worrisome to see such underage children attending party in a big hotel. Something must be done urgently to STOP this evil trend! •Source: Facebook A chilling story how three jealous friends allegedly watched their colleague drown to death because his father is rich and girls rush him has been told. A Nigerian man identified as, Mystic Biu, has shared the sad story how three University of Abuja freshmen watched their friend, 17-year-old Emmanuel Aigbokhalode… In "News" Their story runs like a movie thriller, yet it’s real: Pretty Okafor, President of Performing Musicians Association of Nigeria, PMAN, and his sweetheart, Nneobo. Nneobo, a former student of University of Calabar, met Pretty through her friend, Georgina, and what began like ‘a hide and seek game’ later grew into… In "Entertainment" Wife of a Port Harcourt branch manager of a new generation bank, Blessing Oko Ikpor, has raised the alarm over the alleged bewitchment of her husband, Anthony, by a mistress (name withheld). Mrs. Ikpor, a mother of four, told newsmen in Port Harcourt that the husband is under a spell… In "News"