        This was contained in a statement signed by the Public Relations Officer, Force Headquarters, CP Frank Mba made available to Sundiata Post. According to the statement, the Senior Officers included Deputy Inspector-General of Police Zaki Ahmed, the DIG in charge of the Department of Operations and Deputy Inspector-General of Police, Johnson Babatunde Kokumo, psc(+), mni, the DIG in charge of the Department of Research and Planning at the Force Headquarters. Also decorated were six (6) Assistant Inspectors-General of Police who were elevated from their previous rank of Commissioners of Police. They include AIG Buba Sanusi (former CP Katsina), AIG Mohammed Ndatsu Aliyu (former CP Anti-Fraud, FCID), AIG Bello Sani Dalijan (former CP INEC), AIG Yahaya Sahabo Abubakar (former CP Yobe), AIG Akingbola Olatunji, psc(+), MNIM, fsi (former CP Benue), and AIG Hakeem Odumosu, psc, FCIA (former CP Lagos). The seventeen (17) Commissioners of Police who were elevated from their previous rank of Deputy Commissioners of Police included CP Josephine Nneka Anyasinti, CP Haruna Gabriel Garba, CP Tajudeen Akinwale Abass and most significantly, the husband-and-wife duo of CP Patrick Kehinde Longe and CP Yetunde Longe. The highlight of the brief ceremony was the presentation of an award to AIG Hakeem Odumosu as the best Commissioner of Police for the year 2021 by the President, Police Officers’ Wives Association (POWA), Hajiya Hajjara Usman Alkali Baba for his commitment towards women empowerment, social development, effective crime fighting and quality service delivery. The Inspector-General of Police while congratulating the newly promoted officers charged them to bring their vast experiences and professionalism to bear in advancing the fortunes of the Force in their new ranks while keying to his vision and mission statement of his administration which is “to protect with courage and serve with compassion”. Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Inspector General of Police (I-G), Mohammed Adamu, has approved the deployment of the five newly promoted Deputy Inspectors General of Police (DIGs) to various departments of the force. The Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), Frank Mba, disclosed this in a statement on Friday in Abuja.… In "Top Stories" ONITSHA  (Sundiata Post) -  A human rights group, the International Society for Civil Liberties and the Rule of Law (Intersociety), has warned against the extension of the tenure of Ibrahim Idris, the Inspector-General of Police, whose tenure should end on January 3, 2019, his 60th birthday. Intersociety in a statement… In "Top Stories" The Inspector-General of Police, IGP M.A Adamu, NPM, mni has approved the posting of Deputy Inspector General of Police, DIG Sanusi N. Lemu, mni and Assistant Inspector-General of Police, AIG Usman Alkali Baba, fdc as DIG in-charge of the Department of Operations and Ag. DIG in-charge of Finance and Administration,… In "Security"