Barely a day after N igerian fighter jets were reported to have bombed and killed bandits, including two of their leaders in Zamfara forests, another notorious bandits kingpin, Bello Turji, has reportedly released 52 kidnapped victims. He said he was willing to lay down arms and be a peaceful citizen. Locals said the 52 victims, who regained freedom on Monday, had been in a den under the control of Turji for long.READ ALSO: Bandits kill 8, kidnap 18 others in Kaduna villages Releasing the victims, according to a source, was as a result of the dialogue with the bandits kingpin and local authorities in Zamfara State. The source said: “Turji is mastermind of killings and kidnappings in Shinkafi, Sabon Birni, Isah, in Zamfara and Sokoto states. “He wrote Shinkafi Emirate Council last year that he was ready to embrace peace and stop banditry. “The 52 men and women are currently being moved from the forest to an agreed spot where they will be taken to Shinkafi town. “Busses were prepared for the journey to Maberiya, 5km East of Shinkafi town to convey them,” a local has said. Journalists are still awaiting reaction from the authorities According to a report by The PUNCH, some bandits are currently on the rampage in the Shinkafi Local Government Area of Zamfara State, following the arrest of the father of their leader by the security agents. An indigene of the area, Malam Ahmed Shinkafi, told The PUNCH that the security… In "News" •The released villagers GUSAU - A leader of bandits in Zamfara State, Turji, has released villagers and travellers abducted by his men over the weekend, in a rampage to draw attention to his father’s arrest by security forces. The mass abduction by Turji which occurred some two weeks after the… In "Top Stories" The Notorious bandit leader, Bello Turji, is ‘incapacitated’ after sustaining severe injuries when military fighter jets raided his hideouts and bandits camps in the North West, PRNigeria learnt from credible sources. The attack jets of the Air Task Force, ATF, Operation Hadin Kai, also killed several bandits, in the raid… In "News"