World-famous British-Nigerian boxer, Anthony Joshua has denied accepting a £15m payment to step aside and allow Tyson Fury vs Oleksandr Usyk.  According to the British boxer, he has not “seen a contract” and will “make calculated decisions”. Joshua had activated a rematch clause to fight Usyk in a bid to reclaim his WBA, IBF and WBO heavyweight belts. But The Daily Telegraph reported that Joshua could agree a £15m deal, which would allow the Ukrainian to fight WBC king Fury instead in an undisputed world title fight. Fury is however yet to agree to a mandatory defence of his WBC title against Dillian Whyte. “You know what’s mad about all these interviews I see. “I see certain interviews that quote what I said and I think to myself ‘I haven’t done any interviews.’ “Where did this person get this information from? I’m hearing people say ‘AJ accepts £15m to step aside.’ I haven’t signed a contract, I haven’t seen a contract. So as it stands, stop listening until it comes from me. “I’m the man in control of my destiny, I’m the man that handles my business, I’m a smart individual and I make calculated decisions every step of the way. “Don’t listen to other sources… if I tell you something then you know it’s real,” Joshua said in a video posted on social media.   Source Deontay Wilder, the former World Boxing Champion, has disclosed that he has traced his roots to Edo State, Nigeria. In a viral video seen by SaharaReporters on Saturday, Wilder said he would like to go back home to learn about his culture. The United States professional boxer said, “I want… In "News" Britain’s Anthony Joshua will defend his World Boxing Association, International Boxing Federation and World Boxing Organisation heavyweight titles against Oleksandr Usyk at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium in London on September 25, his promoter announced Tuesday. “The date is set and we are fully locked in,” said Joshua in a Matchroom… In "Sports" Anthony Joshua and Tyson Fury have agreed in principle to meet in two blockbuster fights, according to Joshua’s promoter Eddie Hearn. Hearn has been negotiating with Fury’s camp for several weeks and he said the terms were in place for the British world heavyweight champions to go head to head.… In "Sports"