By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Kano State Governor Abdullahi Ganduje has eulogised late Bashir Tofa, saying his contributions to Nigeria’s democracy remained indelible. In a statement signed by the commissioner for Information, Muhammad Garba, the governor noted the sacrifices of Tofa, who started taking up leadership responsibilities at an early age, when he was elected councillor, in his late 20s. He had remained vibrant and dynamic up till the time of his death. He said as a businessman, trader and philanthropist, Tofa touched the lives of many people, especially the down-trodden, and he expressed the belief that the legacies of the deceased will be approximated for posterity. “The legacy of his political beliefs and triumphs will be important footnotes in the literature of Nigeria’s government and politics for generations yet to come. “He was a great man, a quintessential democrat and outstanding statesman who has left very hold prints both on the politics and political history of Nigeria,” the statement added. The governor prayed Almighty Allah to grant his soul rest, as well as the fortitude for his family, friends and associates to bear the irreparable loss. Similarly, President of the 8th Senate, Dr Bukola Saraki in his tribute said said lateTofa contributed towards the development of Nigeria. He who stated this in his condolence message described the late Tofa as an Industrialist, politician and thought leader. The former two-term governor of Kwara State governor who disclosed this via his Facebook page described Tofa as an Industrialist, politician, and thought leader. Adding that during his incredible lifetime, Alhaji Bashir Othman Tofa contributed tremendously towards the development of Nigeria. By Vivian Emoni Abuja -  Gov Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has appointed Prof. Attahiru Jega, former INEC Chairman, as chairman of a Committee for the establishment of Yusuf Maitama-Sule Centre for Advancement of Politics and Democratic Governance. A statement by Malam Muhammad Garba, Commissioner for Information of the state,… In "News" Kano -  Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State on Saturday commended electorate for their peaceful conduct during the local government elections in Kano state. He gave the commendation shortly after casting his vote his ward in Dawakin Tofa Local Government Area of the state. Ganduje, who voted at 12:18 p.m.,… In "Politics" Kano   -   Kano State Government has appointed former INEC boss Prof. Attahiru Jega to head the committee madated to nurture the Maitama Sule Centre for  for politics, governance Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje who inaugurated the committee in Kano said centre was to immortalise the late elder statesman for his immense contributions… In "News"