Photo by Paul Hanaoka on Unsplash Quitting bad habits is not a walk in the park. Some people, even after trying for many years, never succeed. It’s frustrating and will prevent you from achieving your goals and living the life you’ve always wanted. Luckily, there are a couple of applications that can help you get rid of bad habits. In this post, we will discuss seven apps that will help you ditch harmful habits. Habitica is ideal for building new habits. The app gamifies your life – there are scores and rewards to keep you motivated. When you complete a task on your to-do list, you can play games like quests, battle armour, and magic skills in the app! Also, you can play games with other users and gain rewards. The rewards can be personalized as well. For example, you can treat yourself to an episode of your favourite television show after accomplishing a task. There are so many websites and apps designed to grab your attention and prevent you from focusing on important things in this digital era. It’s no wonder people are battling issues like problem gambling and playing too much video games. The Freedom app helps you block these harmful sites and focus on productive habits. The good thing is, this app is compatible with android, mac, iOS, and even Chrome. What’s more, it syncs across all the devices you use. All you need to do is pick your device, choose the sites you want to block, and make a schedule. Since you will be using the app on a daily basis, it will only be a matter of time before you drop those bad habits. The app’s official website reveals that it has helped people regain an average of two and half hours of productive time daily. We spend a significant part of our daytime at work, which means sitting for long hours. Many people have developed poor posture because of this.  Practising yoga is an excellent way to eliminate bad posture and reduce back pain. The Daily Yoga app is dedicated to helping you create a yoga routine. The application provides tutorials for yogis of all levels and saves your sessions so you can see your progress. Also, you can connect with other yogis using the app and find ways to improve the practice. Aside from improving posture, yoga also boosts focus and gives you the strength to concentrate on other good habits. As the name suggests, Streaks helps you maintain streaks of good habits. It could be anything from walking your dog in the evenings to doing workouts every day – you can enter twelve tasks. Note that you don’t have to measure the streaks daily. Depending on your schedule and goals, you can set the tasks to a few days a week or weekly. These streaks will keep you motivated and focused on positive habits. Leading an inactive lifestyle puts you at risk of health conditions such as high blood pressure and obesity. MyFitnessPal helps you achieve health goals such as trimming excessive body fat and reducing your body mass index. The app has a barcode scanner that you can use to get a breakdown of nutrients in food. It has a diary for keeping track of your diet and ensuring you stick to healthy eating habits. Further, you can join MyFitnessPal’s community to get healthy eating tips and advice. Note that you can link your account with apps such as Apple Healthkit and FitBit. Statistics indicate the smoking causes 90% of all lung cancer deaths. If you’ve been trying to stop smoking unsuccessfully, this app will provide the necessary support. It allows you to see your progress, displays charts to show how you’re getting better healthwise, and offers daily motivation. You will realize that the smoking cravings are gone in a couple of months. Helpic is another excellent app that allows users to keep track of their habits. For instance, if you feel like you have been drinking too much, you’ll want to cut it, which can be a challenging process. Start by picking the impact this habit has on your life to track your progress. You have the option of resetting the timer if you backslide. This way, you to keep trying till you see positive results. In addition, you get a reward when you refrain from an addiction for a set period. Bad habits or addictions can be difficult to break. But when you continue engaging in harmful practices, you will only make your life more miserable. Use the above apps to break your bad habits and develop new ones that will improve the quality of your life. Keep in mind that it may take longer to break a habit. So, if you feel like you are not making any progress, keep pushing! ABUJA - Mr Samuel Ome, Director, Water Quality Control and Sanitation, Federal Ministry of Water Resources, on Friday said no fewer than 33 million people still practised open defecation in Nigeria. Ome said in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja that it was sad that… In "Health" It is hardly a secret that Facebook likes to play fast and loose when it comes to mobile resources. Don't believe us? Just check your currently running apps and services. Oh, and the social giant's decision to decouple the Messenger functionality and spin it off as a separate app definitely… In "News" By Rob Riker What 3 habits can transform my life completely? You want your life to be 100x better? Develop the following three habits and execute them every single day. Pay yourself first A man without a mission is a man without a purpose. And without a purpose, you’re meaningless.… In "Social Media Feeds"