A 23-year-old security guard identified as Blessing Okon has been sentenced to life imprisonment by Justice Abiola Soladoye of an Ikeja Domestic Violence and Sexual Offences Court on Monday for having unlawful carnal knowledge of a 14-year-old student.  The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that in convicting Okon, Soladoye said the prosecution had succeeded in proving the essential ingredients of defilement beyond reasonable doubt. Describing Okon as shameless, the judge noted that the victim was consistent in her oral testimony before the court which established that the defendant had been having s3xual contact with her since she was nine years old. “This defendant is lacking in compassion he had sexual activity with a 14-year-old girl. There was overwhelming evidence against him as presented by the prosecution. He therefore should pay for his s3x crime. “The defendant is hereby sentenced to life imprisonment without an option of fine. “He is to have his name registered in the Sexual Offenders Register as maintained by the Lagos State Government,” she said. Soladoye in the judgment commended the chaplain of the survivor’s school to whom she revealed that she was defiled by the guard. The chaplain alerted her father about the crime. “The chaplain of the school in question had a listening ear thereby allowing the victim to share her thoughts, worries, anxieties and frustration which eventually led to the reporting of this case to the authorities. “I salute the chaplain’s courage and candor for not sweeping this case under the carpet. “I wish him all the best and I do hope sincerely that others in positions of power will be able to speak up in issues of sexual abuse and report them to the authorities,” Soladoye said. NAN reports that according to the state prosecutors Olusola Soneye and Olufunke Adegoke, Okon committed the offence on September 13, 2019 on Ribadu Road off Awolowo Road, Ikoyi, Lagos. He was 20 years old when he committed the offence. The prosecution presented three witnesses; the victim, her father and a medical doctor while Okon testified solely in his defence. The victim in her testimony said that the defendant had sexually assaulted her when she was nine years old by touching her breasts on two occasions.   By Moji Eniola Ikeja - An Ikeja Sexual Offences and Domestic Violence Court on Monday sentenced John Otema, an alumnus of the University of Lagos, to 50-years imprisonment for raping a 19-year-old student of the institution on campus. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that 34-year-old Otema, a quantity… In "Education" An Ado Ekiti High Court on Wednesday sentenced 37-year-old Samuel Adebamigbe (a.k.a. Oosa) to life imprisonment for raping a 13-year-old. In his judgment, Justice Lekan Ogunmoye said the prosecution had proven its case beyond reasonable doubt. Ogunmoye said the sole issue for determination had been resolved in favour of the… In "News" A man identified as Idris Munkaila (Dan Asabe) has been sentenced to life imprisonment by a Jigawa High Court sitting in Birnin Kudu Local Government Area on Monday for having unlawful carnal knowledge of his sister-in-law and infecting her with HIV/AIDs in Gwaram Local Government Area. The defendant was arraigned… In "News"