Sen. Bola Tinubu, one of the leaders of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has hosted Mr Ade Omole, leader of the United Kingdom (UK) chapter of the party and the Nigeria Diaspora for Asiwaju (NDA) team in London. Alhaji AbdulRasaq Danjuma, Omole’s Personal Assistant, announced this in a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. He said the meeting was to consult with the NDA and critical APC stakeholders in the UK on Tinubu’s 2023 presidential aspiration. Danjuma said that contrary to media reports, Tinubu was hale and healthy. ” Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu is in good health and excellent spirits. “He is in good health, hale and hearty. He will be returning to Nigeria within a few days after necessary consultations here in the UK,” he said. Asiwaju Ahmed Tinubu with some members of the Nigeria Diaspora for Asiwaju (NDA) in London on Jan. 30, 2022 According to him, Omóle, briefed Tinubu on progressive activities in the UK and other issues pertaining to national development back home. He said Omole also briefed Tinubu on how patriotic Nigerians in the Diaspora were helping out from their countries of residence to ensure a better Nigeria for all. He further quoted Omole as saying that progressives in the UK had been collaborating with other patriotic Nigerians globally to work hand in glove with their counterparts in Nigeria to promote peace, unity and development. “We are working round the clock to support the President Muhammadu Buhari APC-led administration and contribute our quota to taking Nigeria to the next level,” Omole said. He said the meeting with the APC national leader espoused the commitment of the Nigerian Diaspora community to nation-building. Omole and fellow progressives has blazed the trail on several fronts and inspired fellow Nigerians in the Diaspora especially, to toe the path of patriotism and honour. The Director-General of NDA, Dr Akin Badeji also in the statement, relayed ongoing activities both in the Diaspora and in Nigeria to ensure the actualisation of a Tinubu presidency in 2023, adding that the group would not relent until its desires were met. The meeting was attended by Mr Joseph Adebola, Dr Kenny Ojutalayo, Dr Oladapo Habeeb, Mrs Edith Nwachukwu, Hajia Rakiya Abubakar, Dr Ronke Tomori and Mr Lanre Adegun among other APC critical stakeholders in the UK. NAN reports that Tinubu had travelled abroad to attend to some meetings regarding his political ambition shortly after informing President Buhari of his aspiration and intention to contest the 2023 presidential election. Tinubu who was a two-term former governor of Lagos State will be back in Nigeria after his consultation meeting with stakeholders in the UK Bola Tinubu, the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, has broken his silence since returning to Nigeria ahead of the 2023 presidential election. Recall he was in London for medical treatment that lasted for about three months. According to him, It is only God that can take and… In "News" By Emmanuel Mogbede Abuja -  The United Kingdom chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC), says that reconciling aggrieved members of the party is crucial to its success in the 2019 general elections. The Spokesperson of the chapter, Mr Jacob Ogunseye, said this in a statement, a copy of which… In "Politics" By Emmanuel Mogbede   Abuja   -     The United kingdom Chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) says it will create a technology to ensure effective management of the party’s members across the world. Mr Ade Omole, the chapter’s leader, made this known in a statement made available… In "Politics"