It was an epic experience for Lagosians at Burna Boy: The Live Experience Concert organized by Toro Entertainment Company on Monday, December 27 2021 at the Eko Convention Centre, Lagos as Burna Boy showed up in Grand Style for his fans. After performing on several stages across the world including selling out the famous O2 Arena, the ‘Odogwu’ came to Lagos to give his fans a well deserved treat in December. He took to the stage to perform some of his major hits back to back as well as his much-loved tracks from his popular Twice as Tall album which has garnered widespread support and attention from fans and artists across the globe. Opening his own show, Burna Boy hit it off with his Wetin dey Sup single which had fans screaming the lyrics in excitement. Next up was the beloved Location by Dave featuring Burna, then Deja Vu, as well as the hit single, Ja ara’ e. Riling up the energy in the building, Burna Boy dropped songs from his African Giant Album including Anybody, Another story, Wonderful, Dangote, Secret featuring Serani and Jeremiah, Gbona and Spiritual. A few exciting surprises showed up on stage to perform with the Odogwu, one of which was Mozambique’s Yaba Buluku boys. This trio raised the roof complementing Burna’s energy while performing their very own Yaba Buluku Remix. Another exciting surprise performing on stage with Burna was BlackSherif performing the Second Sermon Remix. Throwing it way back to the golden oldies, the crowd went wild when Burna Boy performed Like to Party and Soke. Other singles thrown into the mix include; Way Too Big, Jerusalema, Onyeka baby, Question, 23, Ballon D’or, Kilometre Odogwu and On the Low- both from the Odogwu Album. The show ended with the number one track from the 2018 Outside Album, Ye, which peaked at number 26 and 31 on Billboard’s Mainstream R&B/Hip-Hop and R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay charts, respectively. Describing himself as “the lighter way dey outside” during the show, Burna Boy said that he was just getting used to fans mobbing him in response to their admiration of him. He however humbly urged his fans not to jump on stage during the show as this may startle him. Respectfully honouring his request, the show was a smooth ride with Burna’s performance perfectly encapsulated in the words E file fun Burna, and fans taking to social media to express their excitement during and after the concert. The Live Experience concert is part of the lineup of Stacked December concerts which took place across Lagos in December. The event is organised by Toro Entertainment Company. It's been an amazing year all round and celebrities are planning to reward their fans with shows and concerts this December It's the end of the year again and the fun never stops. There's virtually an event for each day so you can be rest assured that December 2018 will… In "Entertainment" By Maureen Okon Abuja - Damini Ogulu, a.k.a Burna Boy, Nigerian Afro-fusion singer and songwriter, has hit the market with another party starter called ‘Anybody’. Burna Boy rose to prominence in 2012 after releasing the lead single “Like to Party” from his debut album L.I.F.E. After a stellar 2018, 2019… In "Entertainment" If i am to go by the list of the most popular Nigerian Musicians with Outstanding Performance in 2020, then many up and coming artistes who have done exceedingly well in 2020 won't be mentioned, but we shall do justice by mixing up the list with both the popular and… In "Entertainment"