The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan paid a visit to Kano on Saturday to attend the wedding Fatiha of daughters of one of his close associates, Alhaji Hassan Kafayos. The Senate President embarked on the trip from Abuja with the Governor of Yobe State and Chairman, Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee of the All Progressive Congress(APC), Mai Mala Buni and Senator Barau Jibrin. They were received on arrival at the Aminu Kano International Airport by a delegation led by former Governor of Kano State, Senator Ibrahim Shekarau. Alhaji Hassan who hails from Gashua in Yobe State gave out three daughters in marriage at Al-Furkan Mosque in Kano. Shortly after the wedding, the Senate President and the Yobe State Governor headed straight to the residence of late Dr Datti Ahmed at Yandutse Road, Nasarawa, GRA in Kano to pay condolence visit to the family. Dr Ahmed who was until his death the President-General of Supreme Council for Sharia in Nigeria, died on Thursday. In his brief remarks, the Senate President paid glowing tribute to the late elder statesman describing his death as a great loss to “all of us.” Lawan said the Dr Datti Ahmed was one of the prominent northerners who lived a decent and an exemplary life worthy of emulation and prayed Allah to forgive his son and accept his soul in Aljannah firdaus. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate President, Ahmad Lawan and the Yobe State Governor, Mai Mala Buni on Thursday morning departed Abuja for Kano to condole with the Emir of Kano, Aminu Ado Bayero, on the death of his mother, Hajiya Maryam Ado Bayero. This was disclosed… In "News" Ekiti State Governor, Ayodele Fayose, has criticized President Muhammadu Buhari for attending the wedding ceremony of Governor Abdullahi Ganduje’s daughter, Hajiya Fatima and her groom. Fayose feels the president should be more concerned about the tragedies unfolding in different parts of Nigeria, especially in the North. “I’m of the opinion… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) Nigerians have taken to social media, to express their anger over President Muhammadu Buhari’s trip to Kano, to attend the wedding of Governor Abdullahi Ganduje's daughter, Hajiya Fatima and her groom, Idris Ajimobi. Most of them are not pleased that the president has overlooked some of the tragedies happening… In "Social Media Feeds"