A presidential hopeful, Kingsley Moghalu, on Wednesday, said he forgot to inform the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), of his intention to run for President in the 2023 general elections.  “I forgot to inform President @Mbuhari that I am running for President. But I informed Nigerians, of whom he is one, so no wahala (problem)!” he tweeted. Moghalu, a former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, was the presidential candidate of the Young Progressive Party in 2019 but he lost the election to Buhari. He joined the African Democratic Congress in 2021 and declared his intention to run for the exalted office in Aso Villa again in 2023. Moghalu’s tweet followed the declaration by All Progressives Congress National Leader, Bola Tinubu; and Ebonyi State Governor, Dave Umahi; that they would be running for President in 2023. The two APC members had separately visited Buhari in Aso Villa this week and informed the President of their intention to contest the next presidential election.   Source The National Leader of the All progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu has made public his intention to contest in the 2023 presidential election. According to him, he went to the Aso Villa on Monday to inform President Muhammadu Buhari of his intention to contest the presidential election in 2023. Recall that… In "Politics" The National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu, says he has informed the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), of his intention to contest the presidential election in 2023. Tinubu stated this on Monday while briefing State House correspondents after he met with Buhari at the Aso Villa… In "Politics" Chief Ayo Adebanjo, leader of Pan-Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere, on Tuesday, said his group won’t back any candidate for President in the 2023 general election until the current 1999 constitution is changed to reflect true federalism and regional autonomy. The 93-year-old statesman also said there is no big deal in… In "News"