At least two persons were Sunday night reportedly killed and another seriously injured in a suspected rival cult clash at the Gyado Villa area of Makurdi town. Vanguard gathered from a source in the area who spoke on condition of anonymity that the clash created pandemonium in the community which is a stone throw from the Benue State University, as residents scampered for safety. According to him, “a group of young men were in a meeting at about 8pm when another group stormed the venue and started shooting and attacking anyone in the meeting. “We were later told that they were rival cult groups and nobody knew what led to the fight but everyone scampered and ran for safety. “At the end of the bloody fight we discovered the corpses of two persons and another person who was seriously injured but we doubt of he would survive because of the severity of the injury. “As I speak with you residents of the community now live in fear becaue we do not know what will follow next after attack.” Contacted, the Public Relations Officer, Superintendent, SP, Catherine Anene confirmed the incident saying, “some young men sat at a spot and some other young men came and attacked them around 8pm last night (Sunday). Two persons were confirmed dead and another one who was seriously injured and he is presently on admission in hospital.” She said the remains of the dead victims had been deposited at the mortuary while investigation into the matter was ongoing. While the battle to survive the COVID-19 pandemic continues, three youths of Inen community in Oruk Anam council area of Akwa Ibom State were on Monday killed in a cult war. The Nation learnt the trio lost their lives at different spots during a rival cult clash. The names of… In "Metro" Two persons were feared killed during clashes between suspected cultists at Coker-Aguda Local Council Development Area (LCDA) of Lagos. But the police said one person died in the fracas. The Nation learnt that one of the deceased was lured out on Saturday night from his Aguda residence before he was… In "News" ILORIN - Four persons were killed at the weekend in Ilorin, during a fight that broke out between members of the two rival cult groups over supremacy claim. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that penultimate Sunday, suspected members of cult groups struck at Ikokoro/Sakamo area of Ilorin and… In "News"