The Kibaku (Chibok) Area Development Association (KADA) has revealed that a total of 110 out of the 276 girls abducted by Boko Haram in 2014, are still unaccounted for.  The association, which has been on the forefront of the campaign to secure the release of the abductees, said this at a press conference in Abuja on Saturday. President of KADA, Dauda lliya, said of the 276 girls abducted, 57 escaped from their abductors. “Chibok has been for all intents and purposes abandoned to its own devices by all layers of government in Nigeria. “Right from late 2012 up to this time, the statistics of the state of damage and destruction of lives and property inflicted on the community presents a worrisome and pathetic picture,” he said. Iliya said over 72 persons have been killed, and over 407 persons abducted, houses, business premises, and churches burnt, while over 20 vehicles were stolen and many grains barns burnt or destroyed. “From late 2018 to date, the frequency of attacks and level of destruction have escalated and are simply alarming. “Just this year (2022) alone, Kautikari (second largest town in Chibok area) was attacked on January 14 with five girls abducted, three persons killed, many houses and churches burnt. “In sustaining their carnage, Piyemi, another big town in Chibok area, was attacked on January 20 with 19 persons mostly girls abducted and one person, the Vigilante leader, beheaded,” he said. “By so doing, we expect our remaining 110 daughters abducted in 2014 and numerous others subsequently abducted at different times to be brought back to us. “We appeal to the Federal Government to immediately set up Internally Displaced Persons Camps in Chibok town and provide Chibok with skills acquisition centre so as to avoid imminent hunger/starvation in Chibok. “We request the Federal government to order deployment of more military personnel and better arms to Chibok to halt the continuous attacks on the community. “We also appeal to our action Governor to do more in organizing and helping our people in securing our state in general and Chibok in particular,” Iliya stated.  Source Borno State Governor, Babagana Zulum, has confirmed that 24 persons were abducted in recent attacks on Chibok local government area in the state. Chibok became famous after the abduction of over 200 schoolgirls by Boko Haram at a boarding secondary school in 2014. The governor who paid a condolence visit… In "News" A new controversy is brewing in Chibok village, in Borno State with parents of the abducted girls alleging that they have been shortchanged by Chibok community leaders who received 100 million naira cash gift from the Presidency, on their behalf. Although a presidential aide denied any such gift to Chibok… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Thursday, summoned the service chiefs and the National Security Adviser (NSA) to appear before it and brief the lawmakers in closed session on what they are doing about the Chibok girls, two years after they were abducted from their school in Chibok, Borno State.… In "Top Stories"