By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate, on Tuesday, passed the Nigerian College of Aviation Technology (Amendment) Bill, 2022. The passage of the bill followed the consideration of a report by the Committee on Aviation. Chairman of the Committee, Senator Smart Adeyemi (APC, Kogi West), in his presentation, said the bill seeks to provide for the organization, control and operation of training programmes related to the aviation sector and other related matters. He added that it also seeks to provide the skills required for aircraft manufacturing, distribution, installation, maintenance and operation of technical equipment to increase the margin of operational safety of civil aircraft services. Adeyemi said the College is currently accredited by the National Board for Technical Education (NBTE) to run National Diploma and Higher National Diploma Courses. According to the lawmaker, the College admits National Diploma and Higher National Diploma students through the Joint Admissions and Matriculations Board (JAMB), while its graduates are eligible to participate in the National Youth Service Corps. He explained that the bill’s passage and eventual assent into law, would legalize the new status of the College and enable it to be listed by the Tertiary Education Trust Fund to benefit from TETFUND. He said being a TETFUND beneficiary would “allow it (college) to fill significant gaps through the fund.” He noted that the bill’s passage would also provide the needed legal backing for the College as a regional training center of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO). Meanwhile, two bills seeking to establish the Chatered Risk Institute of Nigerians (RIMAN) and the National  Research and Innovation Council, National Research and Innovation Foundation have scaled second reading in the Senate. The bills were sponsored by Senators Tolupe Odebiyi (Ogun West) and Frank Ibezim (Imo North), respectively. The bills after consideration were both referred by the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, to the Committees on Establishment and Public Service Matters; and Science and Technology, respectively, for further inputs. Both Committees were given four weeks each to report back to the upper chamber in plenary. Nigerian College of Aviation Technology, Zaria, NCAT admission forms for 2017/2018 ND, HND and PGD programmes for 2017/2018 academic session are now available for sale. Applications are invited from interested and suitable qualified persons for admission into NCAT National Diploma (ND), Higher National Diploma (HND) and Postgraduate Diploma (PGD) programmes… In "Education" By Naomi Sharang Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday, transmitted a letter to the Senate, seeking consideration and passage of six Aviation Bills. The President of the Senate, Dr Ahmad Lawan read the letter during plenary. The President, in the letter said: “Dear Distinguished Senate President; Transmission of Six… In "News" …passes Chartered Institute of Directors Bill Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Tuesday passed a bill to establish the Nigerian French Language Village, Badagry, Lagos State, as an Inter-University Centre for French Studies.  The passage of the bill followed the presentation and consideration of a report by the Committee on… In "Top Stories"