A Kannywood movie director, Aminu Umar Mukhtar has been declared wanted.  The Kano state film censorship board declared Mukhtar wanted for allegedly promoting immorality in his latest film, ‘Makaranta’. The Executive Director of the censorship board, Na Abba Afakallah, who disclosed this in an interview with BBC Pidgin, said the board had invited the filmmaker over the ”immoral content” of the movie and the fact that the project did not get the body’s approval before going public. He stated that Muktar was declared wanted after failing to honor repeated invitations by the board. “The truth is that the whole process of that film did not get the backing of the board. Even the promotion video currently circulating ought to have been vetted by us. That way, we can say remove this part or that, but the filmmaker did neither of that. Since he did not answer our invitation, we’ll take the next step because our board is about preserving the religion and culture of Kano and we won’t allow anyone to destroy that for us.” Reacting to the allegations, Mukhtar said he remains unperturbed by the board’s invitation, insisting that he did nothing wrong. He argued that his movie was not only about the Hausa community and was not shot in Kano. “When I heard that the board was looking for me, I was not disturbed at all because I did nothing wrong. My film is not about Kano or Hausa people alone, about 17 languages featured in the project. Moreover, I did not shoot the movie in Kano state. So, I don’t understand why their blood is hot over the issue. My film is not only about sex education, it captures other things such as female genital mutilation. With the project, we aim to create awareness about things that are happening not only in Hausa societies but others as well.” he said In the trailer of the film, which was two minutes 11 seconds long, students were seen in a school setting with one scene showing a female student telling the other about ‘Jima’i’ which means sex in Hausa. In another scene, another female student was seen announcing that she was pregnant with her colleague promising to help her handle the situation. The last scene in the trailer showed the students in a typical party setting, with male and female colleagues dancing together to Hip-hop songs.  Source Kannywood star, Zaharadden Sani has finally gotten the nod of the National Film and Video Censors Board and the State Security Service to go ahead with the production of his forthcoming movie project titled Abu Hassan. Set in the north, the movie, a first of its kind in Nigeria, explores… In "Interview" By Anita Eboigbe Abuja, - Kannywood industry, if better organised and revamped, has the potential to create massive job opportunities, especially in Northern Nigeria, says Muhsin Ibrahim, a international film expert. Ibrahim is the author of the first known research book on Kannywood titled ‘Kannywood: Unveiling the overlooked Hausa industry’.… In "Entertainment" By Joshua Olomu Jos -  The National Film and Video Censors Board (NFVCB), has launched a mentorship programme on film verification and rating for Theatre Arts undergraduates in Nigerian Universities. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the launch held at the 2018 Nigerian Universities Theatre Arts Festival (NUTAF)… In "Entertainment"