A former Director-General, Kayode Fayemi Campaign Organisation, Bimbo Daramola, on Wednesday, collapsed his political structure to back the governorship ambition of a National Assembly member, Senator Opeyemi Bamidele, in the 2022 election.  This was as Bamidele assured that he was not aligned with some elements in the All Progressives Congress to rock the boat and deprive the party of winning the June 18 election. Daramola, a former House of Representatives member representing Ekiti North I, who said Bamidele’s governorship ambition in APC was a legitimate demand, noted that the Senator’s contributions surpassed those of other aspirants seeking the party’s ticket. The former Fayemi campaign DG, who spoke in Ado Ekiti while formally joining Bamidele to ensure his emergence as a candidate in the January 27 APC primary, described the Senator as the right man for the top job, taking cognisance of his contributions to APC. He described him as “a man of history in Ekiti progressive fold that nobody could erase.” “To me and those of us who understand the history of APC in Ekiti, Senator Bamidele’s aspiration is a legitimate demand, because he has paid his dues. Considering where we are today, we should allow him to succeed Governor Fayemi. “We are 17 days away from APC primary, if we don’t get it right this time; the consequences would be dire and grave. Let us support the person that knows the way, there is imminent danger ahead of us if we miss it,” Daramola said. Bamidele assured on the occasion that many strong politicians would still join his structure like Daramola did, adding that many Ekiti eminent sons and daughters were desirous of joining his campaign train to ensure a new breath of life in the state.  Source By Adedeji Egbebi   Ado-Ekiti  -     Minister of Mines and Steel Development, Dr Kayode Fayemi, on Saturday won the All Progressive Congress (APC) governorship primary election for the July 14 election in Ekiti. In the declared result of the exercise, Fayemi polled 941 votes to defeat 31 other aspirants, including… In "News" As the race to the 2018 governorship election in Ekiti State gathers momentum, a member of the seventh House of Representatives, Hon. Bimbo Daramola, has told Governor Ayodele Fayose, to stop detaining members of the All Progressives Congress(APC) over phantom murder cases. Commenting on Fayose’s outburst that the APC has… In "News" By Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti -  The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti on Saturday said it had suspended its gubernatorial campaign earlier scheduled to take off on Monday. The suspension came as the police command in the state released the report of Friday’s shooting incident at the APC rally… In "Politics"