THE presidential aspirant of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, of South-East extraction, Senator Anyim Pius Anyim, Thursday, explained that the “mood of the nation favours the rotation of the Presidency to Southern Nigeria.” Anyim stated this during the South-East Briefing and Consultative Session hosted by him in Enugu. He added that “If the Presidency is zoned to South-East, it will satisfy the just demand of equity and fairness.” According to him, “If it is not zoned to the South-East, it will remain a burden on the conscience of the nation.” He, therefore, appealed “to all the political parties to take the fair, just and equitable decision to zone their presidential slots to the South, particularly the South-East.” The former Senate President noted that “The purpose of the consultation is to gauge the mood of the nation, seek counsel, blessing and listen to leaders and elders on their perspectives on the way forward for our country.” On what he will do for Nigeria and Nigerians, Senator Anyim said “We will work towards a more progressive federation. “Above all, we will work towards an equitable, just and humane nation that will guarantee peace and prosperity for every Nigerian both living and unborn.” BY TONY ICHEKU •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim Ahead the 2023 presidential election, aspirants are popping up  from North, South, East and West, a normal for such very significant national election but when the going gets rough, the tough will get going. It is not out of place to predict that… In "Politics" Abuja - Chief Pius Anyim, a former Senate President, has said that he will contest for the Presidency in 2023 whether the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) zoned it to the South-East zone or not. Anyim made the declaration on Saturday in Abuja on the sideline of the on going PDP… In "Top Stories" A coalition of northern groups known as the Arewa Concerned Civil Society Organisations of Nigeria, on Monday, declared support for the presidential ambition of ex-President of the Senate and a one-time Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Anyim Pius Anyim. The youth bloc described Anyim as a bridgebuilder who… In "Politics"