Socialite Ismaila Mustapha, alias Mompha is currently being held at the Ikoyi Correctional Center in Lagos over his failure to fulfill his bail conditions.  Recall that he was recently granted bail by an Ikeja Special Offences Court. The recent remand order comes after Mompha and his company, Ismalob Global Investment Ltd., were arraigned by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) over alleged N6 billion fraud on January 12. The eight count charges are conspiracy to launder funds obtained through unlawful activity and laundering of funds obtained through unlawful activity. Others are retention of proceeds of criminal conduct, use of property derived from unlawful act, possession of document containing false pretence and failure to disclose assets and properties. Justice Mojisola Dada, at the resumption of proceedings on Tuesday after hearing the submissions of defence counsel, Gboyega Oyewole and EFCC prosecutor, Rotimi Oyedepo, granted Mompha bail in “very strong terms.” “The applicant is granted bail in the sum of N200 million with two sureties in like sum. One of the sureties must have property valued at N100million within the jurisdiction of this honourable court. Both sureties must depose to an affidavit of means to allow the placement of a lien in their respective bank accounts, both sureties must be gainfully employed and resident within the jurisdiction of this court. The sureties must provide proof of tax payment for the past three years. The applicant shall however be remanded in a Correctional Center of his choice pending the perfection of his bail,” Justice Dada said. Mompha, after consultation with his legal team opted to be remanded at the Ikoyi Correctional Center. The case was adjourned until March 28, 29 and April 4, 5 and 6 for commencement of trial.   Source Instagram big boy and socialite, Ismailia Mustapha aka Mompha who was arraigned for money laundering by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), has been granted a N200 million with two sureties in the like sum on Tuesday, January 18. As part of conditions for bail, Justice Mojisola Dada of… In "News" •Ismaila Mustapha aka Mompha. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission has alleged that social media celebrity, Ismaila Mustapha, alias Mompha, flouted an order of the Lagos Division of the Federal High Court where he is facing trial for N32.9 billion fraud. The EFCC prosecutor, Mr Rotimi Oyedepo, made the allegation before… In "News" Dubai-based internet celebrity, Ismailia Mustapha, aka Mompha, and his firm, Ismalob Global Investment Limited, have been arraigned for alleged money laundering. Economic and Financial Crimes Commission arraigned Mompha and Ismalob before Justice Mojisola Dada of an Ikeja Special Offences Court on Wednesday. “Ismaila Mustapha (Aka Mompha) arraigned this morning, January… In "News"