Nasarawa state governor, Abdullahi Sule has stated that he doesn’t think the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) will disintegrate after President Muhammadu Buhari leaves office in 2023.  Sule in an interview on Channels Television on Sunday January 2, said those behind the claim, failed in their prediction of Nigeria disintegrating in 2015 and have now turned their focus on the ruling party. He also said the ruling party has taken cognizance of the need to field a presidential candidate that is acceptable to all Nigerians, including the outgoing President Buhari in 2023. Sule said; “The same people who have told us that by 2015 Nigeria will break up and there will be no Nigeria, we still have Nigeria. So, this is the same kind of people that are saying this. “There are people who just believe in this kind of prophecies. I don’t believe our party will go into pieces. Yes, the absence of Muhammadu Buhari on the ticket is a major thing for us, that is the reason we have to look and make sure that we have also a presidential candidate that is acceptable to all, including Muhammadu Buhari himself.” The Governor who noted that the party wouldn’t have problems emerging victorious at the polls once it fields a candidate that is generally acceptable to all, could not deny or confirm if he is backing Vice President Yemi Osinbajo as the APC president candidate in the general elections.  Source .... Says there is no leadership in Nigeria ....Stresses that PDP is the only formidable and national party to get Nigeria out of present mess By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Governor of Jigawa State, Sule Lamido has said that contrary to the believe that his party, the… In "Top Stories" Nasarawa State Governor Abdullahi Sule has expressed support for rotational presidency. He said it is necessary for the next President to come from the South. Some other governors in the North, including Babagana Umara Zulum (Borno), Nasir El-Rufai (Kaduna), Abdullahi Umar Ganduje (Kano) and Aminu Bello Masari (Katsina), have publicly… In "Features" Abuja - Governors, who are members of the All Progressives Congress, have been unable to agree on a common position on the direct mode of primaries imposed on political parties by the National Assembly, The PUNCH learnt on Monday. It was gathered that the meeting between the 22 APC governors… In "Top Stories"