By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – A Plateau group drumming support for the National Leader of the All Progressive Congress (APC), Bola Ahmed Tinubu has wondered why Nigerians are questioning the age of Tinubu rather than focusing on what he is bringing to the table. The group said with the pedigree of the APC National Leader, especially when he was the governor of Lagos State, he is certainly the best man to take over from President Mohammedu Buhari. The group who spoke under the aegis of Youths Earnestly Ask for Tinubu (YEAT), appealed to country men to choose wisely in 2023 in other to continue the good works of President Buhari which only Tinubu is capable enough to execute. According to YEAT: “Older people have ruled this country in the past, so we don’t think Tinubu is too old to run for presidency. “His capability to deliver should be our focus rather than his age. “Tinubu has the confidence, the vision, the capacity to build on the foundation of President Buhari as well as make Nigeria better”, President of YEAT, Mr. Nimjul Pennap said on Sunday while addressing newsmen in Jos. Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Northern youths under the auspices of United Northern Youth and Students (UNYS) have endorsed former Lagos State governor and chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, for Presidency in 2023. The group also condemned the call by Kaduna State Governor Nasir el-Rufai… In "Top Stories" •Asiwaju Bola Tinubu In his article, “Osinbajo’s Road to Abuja: The Untold Story,” Olawale Olaleye told how Osinbajo ‘defeated’ Bola Tinubu to become Muhammadu Buhari’s vice-presidential candidate. According to the story, early in 2015, as soon as Buhari became the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu… In "Opinion" The National Leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, returned to Nigeria on Friday after about three-month medical trip to the United Kingdom, where he underwent a knee surgery. The former Lagos State governor arrived in Lagos barely 24 hours after the incumbent Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, inaugurated… In "Politics"