Many celebrities have taken to Twitter and other social media platforms to air their opinions on the lifting of the ban earlier placed on Twitter by the regime of the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.)  The President had in June 2021 announced the indefinite suspension of Twitter’s operations in the country after the microblogging platform deleted some of his tweets which the social media company deemed to be discriminatory and in violation of their policy. Sharing his view in a tweet, actor, skit maker and activist, Debo Adedayo, popularly known as Mr Macaroni, wrote, ‘Oh, oh, are you all now tired? Welcome back. You people banned yourselves, not Twitter. It was you all that left, we never left.” Producer and singer, Michael Ajereh, aka Don Jazzy, also wrote, “Thank God they are lifting the ban. I have loads of goodies incoming for you guys. It’s going to be a year like never before. Be ready.” “I hear the Twitter ban in Nigeria has been lifted,” actress, Uche Jombo, wrote. TV host, Frank Edoho, also tweeted, “The Federal Government should just say they have decided to come back to Twitter instead of claiming to lift the ban.” Singer and rapper, Erhiga Agarivbie, better known as Erigga, tweeted, ‘So they feel we don’t know they reopened (sic) Twitter because of the election?” A controversial former Big Brother Naija housemate, Natacha Akide, aka Symply Tacha, added, ‘Funny how the government is unbanning Twitter just in time for the elections, all to gain cheap points. Funny people.” On her part, actress, Nse Ikpe-Etim wrote, “Twitter must really have an effect on elections. How convenient.” Television presenter and events host, Ebuka Obi-Uchendu, tweeted, “In time for election season.” “I beg you, get your PVC,” Big Brother Naija Season Five winner, Olamilekan Agbeleshebioba, popularly known as Laycon, tweeted.  Source The National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu, has hailed the Federal Government for lifting the ban it placed on access to Twitter. In a tweet via his Twitter handle, operated by the Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu Media Office, the former Governor of Lagos noted that the microblogging… In "News" The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has received knocks from Nigerians on social media, following the appointment of Shehu Ilelah as the Director-General of the National Broadcasting Commission amid Twitter ban. The PUNCH had earlier reported that the Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, announced the appointment in… In "News" •President Muhammadu Buhari THE Buhari regime’s official narrative for banning Twitter in Nigeria is that Twitter is the platform of choice by digital dissidents to amplify their treasonous, separatist rhetoric, and IPOB’s Nnamdi Kanu has been invoked as the most dangerous culprit of this. Of course, every halfway smart person… In "Opinion"