Lagos, Kano and Abia states are the biggest beneficiaries of the Federal Government’s Survival Fund, having received N2.5billion, N2billion, and N1.7billion respectively.  This was the highlight of a presentation made by the Minister of State for Industry, Trade and Investment, Mariam Katagum, at the first meeting of the Economic Sustainability Committee in 2022. The Senior Special Assistant to the Vice President on Media and Publicity, Laolu Akande, disclosed this late Monday in a statement titled, ‘VP receives ESP update, as MDAs report progress with over 2 million jobs saved, created so far’. In the presentation on the Survival Fund, Katagum disclosed that while all States of the Federation have received varying levels of the N75bn Survival Fund with its different schemes, eventually each state would soon receive a minimum of N1.7bn cumulative from all the schemes. She also revealed that Lagos, Abia and Kano states had crossed the bar, with Lagos reaching over N2.5billion and Kano over N2billion. No state has received anything less than N1bn so far. Kalu hails Ikpeazu on security, othersVice President Yemi Osinbajo, who presided over the virtual meeting of the Committee on Monday at the Presidential Villa, received reports from federal ministers and heads of agencies on the progress in the implementation of the Economic Sustainability Plan of the Buhari regime. The presentations by MDAs at Monday’s meeting include the report that about 2.1 million jobs have been retained or created through the implementation of the ESP programmes; and the approval of N10bn by the Nigeria Sovereign Investment Authority to fund the deployment and local assembly of 200,000 (off-grid) Solar Homes Systems under the “Solar PowerNaija” partnership between both the NSIA and Rural Electrification Agency.  Source Over 2 million jobs have been retained or created through the implementation of the Economic Sustainability Plan (ESP) programmes, reports indicate. The reports were presented at the first meeting of the Vice President Yemi Osinbajo-led Economic Sustainability Committee (ESC) in 2022 at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. Osinbajo’s spokesman, Laolu Akande,… In "News" By Chijioke Okoronkwo Abuja -   Mr Tola Johnson, Special Assistant to the President on Micro Small and Medium Enterprises(MSMEs), says 100,000 small businesses will get N50,000 each as part of COVID-19 economic stimulus. Johnson disclosed this at the inauguration of the Implementation of Survival Fund and Guaranteed Off-Take Stimulus Schemes… In "News" By Chijioke Okoronkwo One of the critical areas of global economy adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic is the Micro Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) sub-sector. The Federal government was proactive and reactive in mitigating the impact of the pandemic on MSMEs. At the onset, President Muhammadu Buhari constituted the… In "Features"