The governor of Plateau, Simon Lalong, has urged Nigerians to support candidates who are God-fearing and have respect for humanity, in their quest for public offices. The governor made the call at the General Assembly of Catholics in Politics and Catholic Business Leaders in Abuja as contained in a statement by his Director of Press and Public Affairs, Dr. Makut Macham, on Friday in Jos He said the godly principles will guide them in their discharge of duties, where justice and good governance will be given high premium. He urged Nigerians of all religious faiths to fully participate in all the Country’s electoral processes, to facilitate national rebirth where the aspirations of Nigeria can be achieved. Lalong described the event as significant in providing a platform for Catholic politicians and captains of industry to reflect on their roles in ensuring the progress of Nigeria. He said the event was also a good forum to discuss the various challenges confronting Nigeria which includes insecurity, corruption, diseases, poverty, and poor infrastructure with a view of seeking solutions to facilitate improvement. By Peter Amine Jos - Gov Simon Lalong has thanked Plateau people for their prayers and support that gave him victory in the supplementary governorship election. Lalong expressed his appreciation during a mass at St. Monica’s Catholic Church Rantiya, Jos, on Sunday. He said that the victory would not have been… In "News" By Polycarp Auta Jos -   Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau, on Friday described President Muhammadu Buhari as his political Godfather. The governor said this at the flag-off of his re-election bid on Friday in Jos. “When I was elected in 2015, I never knew where to start but when… In "Politics" By Martha Agas Jos - The Catholic Apostolic Administrator of Jos, Arch Bishop Ignatius Kaigama, has urged Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau, to ensure an all-inclusive governance in order to foster peace in the state. Kaigama made the call on Saturday in Jos, at the award of the Knight of… In "News"