The Independent National Electoral Commission would deploy 12,000 ad hoc personnel for the February 12, 2022 area council election in the Federal Capital Territory, its Resident Electoral Commissioner, Yahaya Bello, said on Wednesday.  He also assured that INEC would provide a level playing field for candidates participating in the election. Bello, represented by the Administrative Secretary of INEC in the FCT, Waziri Zannah, stated this during a town hall meeting with women groups and gender-focused civil society organisations in Abuja organised by INEC in collaboration with European Center for Electoral Support While expressing the commission’s readiness to conduct a free and fair poll in the FCT, he charged women groups to sensitise and mobilise other women and youth to come out during the election, and vote for their preferred candidates. INEC suspends voters’ registration in NigerBello said, “It’s high time women to out en-mass and participate in the electoral process. The commission provides a level playing ground for both women and men and eligible voters. INEC will count everyone’s vote and will also be transparent in all we do concerning the election. We have everything ready and would be deploying over 12,000 ad-hoc staff.”  Source By George Odok Calabar -  The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Wednesday said it would deploy 700 ad hoc staff to 117 polling units in the Obudu Constituency bye election scheduled for Aug. 11 in Cross River. Dr Frankland Briyai, the INEC Resident Electoral Commissioner in the state, disclosed… In "Politics" The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), says the Nov. 6 Anambra governorship election will be embarrassingly transparent as it has put facilities in place to achieve an all inclusive electoral process.INEC’s Resident Electoral Commissioner, REC, Anambra state, Dr Nwachukwu Orji, made the assertion in Awka, on Saturday during a voter… In "News" Abuja  -   The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Monday said it had shift the council elections in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) from March 19 to April 9. Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC) in the FCT, Prof. Jacob Jatau, announced this at an emergency stakeholders meeting in Abuja. Jatau… In "Politics"