By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Plateau State Police Command on Wednesday paraded a 20 year old Man Moses Oko, who is the suspected killer of a 300 level female student of the University of Jos (UNIJOS), who was found dead in a hotel with both eyes plucked out in Jos. The victim, identified as Jennifer Anthony, was earlier declared missing on December 31, 2021 until found dead in the pool of her blood on January Ist, 2022. In a press briefing with Journalists, the Police Commissioner, CP Bartholomew Oyeka said suspect will be arrested as soon as investigation is completed. According to him: “Sequel to the gruesome murder of Miss Jennifer Anthony, a 300 level student of the University of Jos whose lifeless body was found mutilated on 01/01/2022 at Domus Pacis Guest House, Jos by a man named Moses Oko ‘m’, aged 20 years, suspected to be her boyfriend who fled after committing the crime, the Command in a bid to arrest the perpetrator launched an aggressive manhunt on the suspect and tactically trailed him to Benue State where he was arrested by hawked-eye police operatives of the Command. “The suspect will be arraigned in court as soon as investigation is completed”. In a related development, the Police said it has also rescued the wife of the Plateau State Government House Deputy Chief of Staff, Mrs Tabitha Silas Vem who was kidnapped some days back. “Following cases of abductions of one Mrs. Tabitha Silas Vem ‘f’, wife of the Deputy Chief of Staff, Plateau State Government House and one Dr Samuel Audu ‘m’ of Barkin Ladi area of Plateau State, a combined team of Police operatives and other security agencies in a rescue operation, stormed and combed the bushes around Sho Village and rescued the victims unhurt on 11/1/2022 at about 1130hrs. “The victims were stabilized and reunited with their families. Meanwhile, efforts are on top gear to apprehend the suspects”, the Police said. University of Jos, Plateau State, who went missing, has been reportedly found dead. The 300 level Special Education and Rehabilitation Sciences student went missing since December 31, 2021, New Year's Eve. All attempt to find her proved abortive until her body was recovered in a hotel in Jos with both… In "Features" A 300-level student of the University of Jos, Mr. Rinji Bala, was reportedly shot to death on Tuesday by a security officer with Operation Safe Haven enforcing the COVID-19 lockdown in Jos, Plateau State. Media Officer of Operation Safe Haven, Major Ibrahim Shittu, said Bala was mistaken for a criminal… In "News" Rivers State   -    The Rivers State police command has confirmed the re-arrest of fleeing suspected ritual killer, Ifeanyi Dike. The Commissioner of Police in the state Zaki Ahmed informed Channels Television that the suspect was nabbed in Jos, Plateau state by men of Special Anti-Robbery squad in the state in… In "News"