The Defence Headquarters has frowned at the habit of wearing military uniforms and accoutrements for electioneering campaign posters by some politicians.  The DHQ said campaign posters of some governors dressed in military camouflage uniforms are displayed in noticeable areas in their respective states. “This is manifestly illegal and an abuse of the privilege of allowing civilians wear military uniforms during military training exercises,” DHQ said. The DHQ’s stance was contained in a statement signed by Acting Director Defence Information, Air Commodore Wap Maigida. It read in part, “It is necessary to restate that the Armed Forces of Nigeria, as a professional institution, remains apolitical and, as such, would not want to be dragged into any form of political bias. “Accordingly, it is important to advise politicians and others to desist from the use of military uniforms and accoutrements for political events and other engagements henceforth. Please note, anyone found culpable in this regard would be liable to prosecution.”  Source ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Nigerian Military has condemned the political campaign advertorial on several media outlets by All Progressive Congress (APC) that seems to [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] question the integrity and sincerity of the Chief of Defence Staff (CDS), Air Marshal Alex Badeh in the ongoing counter-terrorism operations against Boko… In "News" ABUJA - The Defence Headquarters on Friday banned all security agencies other than the Armed Forces from using the military fatigue uniforms henceforth. This is contained in a statement signed by Maj-.Gen. Chris Olukolade, Director of Defence Information, and made available to newsmen in Abuja. Olukolade said the Nigeria Police… In "News" Nigeria’s Defence Headquarters (DHQ) has urged Nigerians to disregard allegations about the spread of Monkeypox through military medical outreach. Director of Defence Information, Major General John Enenche, in a statement on Saturday explained that the medical exercise in the South East was a normal medical operation that had been replicated… In "News"