The Ondo State Governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, SAN, has called for generous support for widows and dependants of the fallen heroes as well as for those who are still alive but physically challenged.  Akeredolu, who described the sacrifices of military personnel and other security agencies in the country as the zenith of patriotism, said the security men signed away their lives, comfort and family bond to gladly defend the territorial integrity of the country The governor made the call on Sunday at a church service commemorating the 2022 Armed Forces Remembrance Day celebration, held at the Chapel of Grace, Government House, Akure, the state capital. He urged the people to give the support through the appeal fund emblem donation. He said, “I enjoin all of you to donate generously through the Emblem Appeal Fund. It goes without saying that the proceeds from the sale of Emblems are strictly for the Nigerian Legion in order for them to cater for the welfare of the ex-servicemen and the dependants of the fallen heroes.” The governor noted that the Armed Forces Remembrance Day Celebration was to honour the departed heroes and appreciate the living ones who are exposed to various deprivations in the course of their services to humanity. “These are people who knew the danger and peril they face, who knew they were signing away their lives, comfort, family bond, at the expense of their wives and children, yet they gladly sign up to defend the territorial integrity of their fatherland and even pay the supreme sacrifice. “We are, therefore, delighted to appreciate God Almighty and honour the sacrifices of these heroic and gallant soldiers, their spirit of patriotism, their toil and the blood they shed so that we may have a country we can proudly call our own where we will live in peace, harmony and co-exist safely and so that our territorial integrity can remain inviolable,” Akeredolu said.  Source By Segun Giwa   Akure   -      Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State on Sunday, advised Nigerians to always appreciate the sacrifices made by men of the Nigerian Armed Forces to secure the country and its borders. Akeredolu, gave the advice during commemorative service for the 2019 Armed Forces Remembrance Day… In "News" By Ayodeji Alabi   Akure   -       Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State on Tuesday expressed gratitude to officers and men of the armed forces as well as those who sacrificed their lives in the defence of the nation. Akeredolu spoke in Akure at the parade and wreath-laying ceremony to commemorate… In "News" Abuja  -  President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday launched the 2016 Emblem for the 2016 Armed Forces Remembrance Day with an announcement of a N10 million Federal Government donation to the Nigerian Legion. Inaugurating the emblem in Abuja, Buhari urged all well-meaning Nigerians and corporate organisations to buy and wear the… In "News"