The Nigeria Labour Congress has asked the Federal Government to take drastic actions against terrorists involved in the massacre of Nigerians in Zamfara and other states in the North-West.  The Congress cautioned the political leaders not to get used to issuing condolence messages after attacks. The NLC President, Ayuba Wabba, said this in a statement on Monday titled, ‘Nigeria Labour Congress condemns the recent massacre in Zamfara.’ It said, “It is the expectation of the Congress that our political leaders should not get used to ‘condemning and condoling’ after the perpetration of such satanic attacks. “The Federal Government must take very drastic steps to bring a firm closure to the current ogre of bloodletting, destruction of property and displacement of Nigerians. “We commend the gallantry and sacrifice of our soldiers and other armed services personnel in the current war against terrorists. We ask that our military step up on the onslaught against criminal elements who have vowed to make life a living hell for innocent Nigerians.” The union submitted that the deployment of proactive intelligence, active surveillance and hi-tech weaponry would be useful in combating and conquering the barbarism being exhibited by the terrorists. Also, it urged that a strong military presence be established to protect vulnerable villages, especially after bombardments, adding that slow responses to emergencies did not speak well of the military. “We demand a rapid response to crisis situations by our security forces. That terrorist went on a bloody prowl for nearly 48 hours unchecked does not speak well of the emergency capabilities of our security system. The way security forces respond to emergency situations is a measure of the premium placed on the lives of Nigerians – whether 58 or 200,” Wabba stated. The Congress observed that military operations alone may not quell the insurgency in the North, urging the government to create jobs for the youths and social security cover for vulnerable Nigerians.  Source Nigeria Labour Congress, NLC, has insisted that workers and masses will not accept any further increase in the pump price of fuel in the name of subsidy removal, urging workers and the citizens to prepare for total war against fuel price hike. In the message titled YEAR 2022 FELICITATIONS: KEEPING… In "Business" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja -  The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has condemned the gruesome murder of 41 Nigerians by marauders in Zamfara State and urged Nigerians to join forces in praying for the nation. The party made the condemnation in a statement issued by its National Publicity Secretary, Mr Kola… In "Top Stories" The organised labour has again criticised political office holders over a bill which seeks remove minimum wage negotiations from the exclusive legislative list to the concurrent legislative list. The National President of the Nigeria Labour Congress, Ayuba Wabba, during a meeting between the House of Representatives leadership and labour leaders… In "Features"