A seasoned media professional, Mr Ayo Arowojolu has come on board Chrisland University, Abeokuta following his appointment as the institution’s Head, Public Relations. Mr Arowojolu brings to the university a wealth of media and corporate experience, garnered over the last three decades to shore up a dominant image for Chrisland University and to popularise the mandate of the institution in terms of learning, teaching and tesearch. As a seasoned PR professional with multi-varied experience, which included being the acting head, corporate affairs, Omegabank Plc between May 2000 and July 2002, Arowojolu’s core task is to deliberately and strategically evolve diverse initiatives to shape the university’s image in several ways and to enhance the Chrisland brand visibility positively. According to a press statement signed by the university’s acting registrar, Mr Olusola Aladesuru, the new appointee is on sabbatical from the Federal University of Agriculture, Abeokuta (FUNAAB), where he served as Assistant Director, Public Relations. Mr Arowojolu had previously had a rare privilege in establishing a broadcast station for the institution in his capacity as the pioneer Coordinator, FUNAAB Radio 89.5FM. As part of his key result areas, Arowojolu is expected to initiate unique strategies for building and maintaining the university’s relationships with important segments of the public, the internal stakeholders and the media. Mr Arowojolu holds a Master of Communication Arts (MCA) degree from the University of Ibadan, which he obtained in 2001. Before then, he had bagged a Higher National Diploma (HND) in Mass Communication from the then Ogun State Polytechnic, Abeokuta in 1990. Throughout his 32 years career span, he has worked variously in some newspapers, radio and television stations in different parts of the country. On completion of his national youth service in 1991 when he was Imo State Correspondent for Champion Newspapers in Owerri, Arowojolu was retained and posted to the newspaper’s head office in Lagos where he also became Head, Property Desk. He had also pioneered the newspaper’s Tourism and Travels column as desk editor between 1991 and 1993. He left for three years to survey the insurance sector where he worked at Asaron Insurance Brokers Ltd. The young journalist was back at Champion Newspapers in 1996 as Brands and Promotions Editor. He had also spent quite sometime at The Westerner and Compass Newspaper up till 2011 prior to joining FUNAAB. Chrisland University is owned by the popular Awosika family and has the matriarch, Dr (Mrs) Winifred Awosika as chancellor; Professor Ayodeji Olukoju as pro-chancellor and Prof Chinedum Peace Babalola as Vice-Chancellor. Chrisland University, Abeokuta, Ogun State, has churned out 28 graduates at its 2O2O Convocation programme with five students – all girls, making it to the First Class honours list. The Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Chinedum Babalola who made this known to The Nation, said that it appears “girls” are today more academically… In "News" The Federal University Oye Ekiti has appointed Foluso Ogunmodede as the institution’s public relations officer. Ogunmodede, who was until the appointment the Chief Information Officer to the Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Abayomi Fasina, replaced the erstwhile PRO, Yinka Ademuyiwa.A statement from FUOYE on Sunday titled, ‘FUOYE gets new PRO,’ stated that the… In "Education" By Abiodun Lawal     Abeokuta   -      A new Vice-Chancellor has been appointed for the Federal University of Agriculture, Abeokuta (FUNAAB). He is Prof. Felix Salako. Also, a new Registrar and a Bursar have been approved for the university; they are Dr Hakeem Adekola and Mr Chukwunwike… In "News"