Aminu Tambuwal, the Sokoto state governor, has declared his intention to run for the highest political office, the presidency, in Nigeria come 2023.ADVERTISING Mr Tambuwal would be seeking to realise his ambition under the Peoples Democratic Party. The former Speaker of the House of Representatives made this known this evening after a high-level stakeholder meeting in Sokoto. Speaking at the declaration, Mr Tambuwal said he is not only well prepared but also ready to fix the numerous problem of the country as President of Nigeria. Also Read: Senate to Govt Agencies: Make N3trn annually to reduce FG’s budget deficits, borrowings He said he has distinguished himself not only as governor but as a Speaker of the House of Reps without any blemish or corruption tag. Mr Tambuwal joins other PDP presidential aspirants including a journalist, Dele Momodu, Gov Mohammed Bala who have declared their presidential ambition. Recall that Governor Tambuwal came second to former vice-President Atiku Abubakar at the PDP Presidential primary in 2018. •Winner likely major factor in 2023 presidential run Chuks Okocha in Abuja Abuja (Sundiata Post) - With the tenure of the Bayelsa State Governor, Hon. Henry Seriake Dickson, ending soon, together with his chairmanship of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Governors’ Forum, the battle to succeed him has begun to… In "Top Stories" Sokoto state governor, Aminu Tambuwal is continuing his consultations for his presidential aspiration - The front-line Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) aspirant was in Niger state to pay respect to former President Ibrahim Babangida - Babangida gave his blessings to the aspirations of the former Speaker of the House of Representatives… In "Politics" The presidential ambition of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Aminu Tambuwal might have suffered a huge set back as governors elected on the platform of the All Progressives Congress may queue behind Gen. Muhammadu Buhari(retd.) as the preferred presidential candidate of the party for the 2015 election,… In "News"