Kris Ugboma, wife of Nigerian comedian, Bovi, on Monday narrated how she had to undergo surgery after an ectopic pregnancy ruptured one of her fallopian tubes.  In a lengthy Instagram post where she shared videos and pictures of herself in the hospital, Kris revealed that she started feeling chronic stomach ache on January 14, 2022. After undergoing tests, it was discovered that an ectopic pregnancy ruptured her womb and she immediately had to be operated on. “I’m sorry you have an ectopic pregnancy and it’s ruptured in one of your tubes. You are bleeding in your tummy. You have to go into surgery immediately,” she quoted the doctor as saying. She recounted her ordeal, “In a matter of minutes, they were prepping me for surgery; COVID-19 test, setting up a line, and just movements in and out of the room. “I couldn’t process what was going on. I needed strength at that point, I couldn’t even pray. I couldn’t call anyone because the last thing I wanted was to panic. “So it was just Bovi and two of my friends (Nwando and Kaine) who already knew what was going on. For the first time in my life, I really craved strength. And it was beyond physical strength. “I was physically, emotionally, and mentally drained. Nwando and her mum had rushed down to the hospital the minute I told her. Bovi was in panic and I just hoped in God. “Before I was wheeled into the theatre, all I could say was, ‘I am going to come out alive and stronger.’ “I testify today of God’s faithfulness to me. I am grateful to be alive. I am grateful to be well, and most of all, I am very grateful to have good people, a strong support system around me. “This new year, I am alive and well and I’d be back home to my family and this party called life; soon.”   Source Mrs Helen Ogeah, a new mum could not control her joy when The PUNCH correspondent met her. Helen and Emmanuel Ogeah married on April 5, 2010, at the All Saints Anglican Church, Kebu, Asaba, Delta State. She was already pregnant and had expected that in a few months time from… In "News" Bovi has cracked his followers up on social media after he told a rather hilarious story recently.  The popular comedian who told the story on Instagram said he was gifted the sum of N5 million by Zenith Bank manager, Jim Ovia while he was performing on state in 2018 and… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The First Lady, Mrs. Patience Jonathan ‎chose the farewell service organised by the Aso Rock Villa Chaplain in Abuja to again shock Nigerians, when she disclosed that she disappeared from public glare at the end of January during the re-election campaigns of her husband, President Goodluck Jonathan,… In "News"