The Economic Community of West African States has called for an extraordinary meeting of members over the latest military takeover of government in Burkina Faso. The army yesterday ousted President Roch Marc Christian Kabore according to a statement read on state television, Radio Television du Burkina. The country will return to constitutional order after a year-long transition, the statement signed by Col Paul-Henri Sandaogo Damiba said. The government and parliament are dissolved, and all borders are closed, it said. ECOWAS said it regrets that despite calls by the regional and international community for calm and respect for constitutional legality, the situation in Burkina Faso is characterized by a military coup d’Etat. ECOWAS said the resignation of President Roch Marc Christian Kabore was done under threat, intimidation, and pressure from the military after two days of mutiny. “ECOWAS strongly condemns this military coup d’Etat which is a major setback for democracy in Burkina Faso. An ECOWAS Extraordinary Summit will be held in the coming days to review the situation,” a late Tuesday night communique from the commission’s headquarters in Abuja said. Ouagadougou - Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has lauded the ability of ECOWAS leaders to ensure an authentic democratic transition in Burkina Faso after 30 years of military rule. Osinbajo said this in an interview with newsmen after the inauguration of President Mr Rock Marc Christian Kabore of Burkina Faso at… In "News" Ouagadougou- Nigeria’s Ambassador to Burkina Faso, Amb. David Bala, has said that the power of the people has triumphed over the military in Burkina Faso’s political history. Bala made the statement in an interview at the Nigerian Chancery in Ouagadougou on Wednesday, following the successful inauguration of President Roch Marc… In "Foreign" •Burkina Faso soldier on duty The authorities in Burkina Faso have announced the arrest of eight soldiers who are accused of plotting a coup. Among those arrested is Colonel Mohamed Emmanuel Zoungrana - a well-known former army commander who has reportedly been critical of the government. The justice ministry on… In "Top Stories"