Suspended Deputy Commissioner of Police, Abba Kyari, has deleted all posts on his Facebook page.  He did this shortly after uploading over 400 pictures from the wedding of Maina Alkali, son of the Inspector-General of Police, Usman Baba, in Maiduguri. When our correspondent visited Abba Kyari’s page, only the posts of the IGP son’s wedding were left. However, efforts to retrieve the deleted posts proved abortive. The PUNCH earlier reported that Kyari on August 4, 2021, edited and deleted his rebuttal to the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s indictment in the fraud case against an Instagram celebrity, Ramon Abbas, aka, Hushpuppi. Then, Kyari had published the rebuttal on Facebook after an FBI affidavit revealed that he helped Hushpuppi jail an associate who was trying to thwart the fraud being perpetrated against a Qatari businessman. In the previously deleted post, Kyari denied receiving any money from Hushpuppi, saying the Instagram celebrity “saw some of my native clothes and caps on my social media page and he said he likes them and he was connected to the person selling the clothes and he sent about N300k directly to the person’s account.” A few days later, Kyari edited the part about the N330,000 to reflect that his office helped Hushpuppi to recover N8 million for a friend. The suspended DCP later deleted the entire post, an action that generated reactions from Nigerians on Twitter who claim he didn’t display intelligence despite heading the Police Intelligence Response Team (IRT). On Saturday, Kyari’s pictures showing his presence at a public event first in months since he came under investigation went viral.  Source Suspended former Head of the Intelligence Response Team, DCP Abba Kyari, has deleted his latest Facebook post just as the Inspector-General of Police, Usman Baba, received the report of the Special Investigation Panel on the indictment of the deputy police commissioner in a $1.1m Internet scam allegedly carried out by… In "News" Amid the police probe of his alleged involvement in a $1.1m Internet scam allegedly carried out by an Instagram influencer, Abbas Ramon, popularly known as Hushpuppi and four others, suspended former Head of the Intelligence Response Team, DCP Abba Kyari on Thursday resumed on social media after a three-week self-imposed… In "News" Months after receiving the report of the probe panel on the alleged role of the suspended Head of the Intelligence Response Team, DCP Abba Kyari, the Inspector-General of Police, Baba Usman, has not forwarded any disciplinary recommendations to the Police Service Commission, Saturday PUNCH has learnt. Recall that Kyari was… In "Top Stories"