Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta has set up a Panel of Inquiry to ascertain the cause of the collapse of the Salvation Ministries building in Okpanam, near Asaba. This is contained in a statement signed by the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Chief Patrick Ukah, and made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Asaba on Wednesday.The governor expressed shock and sadness over the incident, which occured on Tuesday. According to the statement, the State Government also suspended the processing and approval of building plans for Core Area ll, until the conclusion of the panel’s assignment.The panel has Dr Helen Anazia, as Chairperson, with Messrs S. A. Aghagba and Rex Orhe, the Director and Deputy Director, Ministry of Works, respectively, as members. Other members include Orerhime Iduseri, Ministry of Housing, Isichei Ekene, Ministry of Housing and Mr Moses Agwere, an Assistant Director, Ministry of Justice.An Assistant Director, Office of the SSG, Mr Igho Eduvie, is to serve as Secretary to the panel, which has two weeks to conclude its assignment.Its terms of reference included to inquire and report on events surrounding the incident, the number and identity of the casualties.The panel is also expected to, among other things, ascertain the immediate and remote causes of the incident, the scope and adequacy of extant legislation, regulations, policies, and processes concerning the safety of buildings for public use.Furthermore, it should determine whether the legislation, regulations, policies and processes were complied with in the case of the affected building.The panel is to identify any person or institution allegedly culpable in that regard.It is also to establish the scope and adequacy of current legislation, regulations, policies and processes, concerning the emergency management response to the incident.It is expected to make recommendations for “measures necessary or desirable to prevent or minimise the collapse of buildings” in the state.NAN reports that Deputy Gov. Kingsley Otuaro had earlier visited the scene of the incident to ascertain the extent of the damage.Otuaro had also visited the survivors at the Asaba Specialist Hospital, where they were receiving medical attention.He confirmed to newsmen that four persons lost their lives in the incident.He said he was grateful to God that the casualty figure was low, considering the magnitude of the incident.“In my inspection visit, we found out that it could have been worse. What I saw was almost a total collapse.“We had many children upstairs, when the building came down completely,” he said.Otuaro lauded the coordinated responses of the various Ministries, Departments and Agencies of Government in the rescue operation.“The quick and coordinated responses led to the rescue of many people alive from the rubble with minimal casualty.“From what I saw, the patients are responding well and we hope that in no distant time, so many of them will be discharged.“As for the bills, we are a responsible government. So, we are going to be an integral part of all that has happened.“We are going to do all in our powers to ensure that all is well with the affected families,” the deputy governor said. (NAN)(www.nannews.ng)IO/USOEdited by Sam OditahGov. Okowa sets up panel of Inquiry on collapsed church buildingBuildingBy Ifeanyi OlannyeAsaba, Jan. 12, 2022(NAN) Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta on Wednesday  constituted a Panel of Inquiry to determine the cause of the collapsed building of the Okpanam branch of Salvation Ministries in the state.Okowa, in a statement signed by the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Chief Patrick Ukah, expressed shock and sadness over the news of the collapsed building on Okpanam, state capital territory on Tuesday.According to Okowa, the State Government has also suspended the processing and or approval of building plans for Core Area ll until the Panel of inquiry concludes its work.He said the panel of inquiry hasDr Helen Anazia, as Chairperson.Panel members are, Engr. S. A. Aghagba, Director, Ministry of Works; Engr. Rex Orhe, Deputy-Director, Ministry of Works;  Arc. Orerhime Iduseri, Ministry of Housing;  Builder Isichei Felix Ekene, Ministry of Housing and Mr. Moses Agwere, a lawyer, Assistant Director, Ministry of Justice.While the Assistant Director, Office of the Secretary to the State Government, Mr Igho Eduvie will serve as Secretary of the Panel, which has two weeks for its assignment.The governor said that the panel’s terms of reference are;To inquire into and report on events surrounding the collapse of the building,  including;The number and identity of the deceased and the injured in the building.The immediate and remote causes of the collapse.The scope and adequacy of current legislation, regulations, policies, and processes concerning the safety of buildings for public use.Whether such legislation, regulations, policies and processes were complied with in the case of the affected building and identify any person or institution culpable in that regard.The scope and adequacy of current legislation, regulations, policies and processes concerning the emergency management response to the collapse of the building.The panel should also make recommendations for:Any measures necessary or desirable to prevent or minimise the collapse of buildings in Delta State; andAny other matters arising out of, or relating to, the foregoing that come to the Panel’s notice during its inquiries. By Mercy Obojeghren Asaba -  The Delta House of Assembly on Wednesday passed a vote of confidence on the state governor, Dr Ifeanyi Okowa for “his massive infrastructural development strides’’ in the state. Mr Samuel Marierie, the member representing Ughelli North I Constituency in the Assembly passed the vote of confidence in… In "News" The report of the panel of inquiry set up by the Governor of Ekiti State, Dr. Kayode Fayemi to investigate the suspected bomb explosion which occurred at the Police anti-bomb unit in the Old Governor’s Office, Ado-Ekiti, the state capital, was likely caused by human factor. The State’s Attorney-General and… In "News" By Ifeanyi Olannye Asaba - Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta on Thursday inaugurated a seven-member Judicial Panel of Enquiry to establish the ownership of Okpe-Urhobo forest reserve, particularly the purported de-reserved area. Okowa, who performed the ceremony at Government House, Asaba, charged the panel to determine the status of the… In "News"