By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Chief of Army Staff (COAS) Lt Gen Faruk Yahaya has commissioned multiple projects in Janguza Barracks, Kano. The newly completed projects, which include 72 units of Corporals and Below Quarters (CBQ), 30 units of Single Officers’ Quarters (SOQ) and 5 blocks of Company Offices and training shades were officially inaugurated today 26 January 2022 during COAS’ maiden working tour of 3 Brigade area of responsibility. This was contained in a statement signed by the Director Army Public Relations, Brigadier General Onyema Nwachukwu made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja. According to the statement, speaking during the commissioning ceremony, General Yahaya stated that the visit is in tandem with his command philosophy, to enable him interact with troops and obtain first hand information that will enhance his command and administration of the Nigerian Army (NA). Gen Yahaya disclosed that the dearth of personnel accommodation in the NA is receiving adequate and prompt attention with the construction of befitting accomodations across formations and units of the NA, adding that the welfare of personnel is paramount to his command. During the working tour, the Commander 3 Brigade, Brigadier General Sinyinah Nicodemus gave the COAS a brief on the Operational engagements and security situation in the Brigade’s area of responsibility. The COAS in his appraisal, commended troops of the Brigade for discharging their duties with diligence. The COAS was accompanied during the visit by principal staff officers from Army Headquarters and the General Officer Commanding 1 Division Nigerian Army, Major General Kabiru Muhktar The Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt.-Gen. Faruk Yahaya, on Wednesday, paid an operational visit to 3 Brigade in Kano State in furtherance of his commitment to improving the security situation in the country. The Director, Army Public Relations, Brig.-Gen. Onyema Nwachukwu, in a statement, said that the  COAS also… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Chief of Army Staff(COAS), Lieutenant General Faruk Yahaya has commissioned newly completed official residence of the Regimental Sergeant Major (RSM) of 1 Division, Nigerian Army and several other quarters for Senior Non -commissioned Officers in Dalet Cantonment, Kawo, Kaduna. The COAS commissioned… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lieutenant General Faruk Yahaya on Wednesday commissioned the Nigerian Army Cyber Warfare Command (NACWC) Off Grid Solar Farm. The Army Chief also harped on the need for continuous capacity development amongst personnel of the Nigerian Army. Adding… In "Top Stories"