The presidential ambition of the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reportedly caused a rift among governors and leaders of the party, Vanguard has reported.  This is ahead of the party’s National Convention slated for February 26. In a chat with Vanguard at the weekend, a top party source said some governors are supporting Tinubu on his presidential ambition while others are indifferent to the former governor’s bid. The APC chieftain added that governors are yet to agree on the choice of a chairmanship candidate ahead of the national convention. The source argued that Tinubu is not desperate to become president in 2023, but wants the promise made to him during the formation of the party fulfilled. He added that the party must find a way to assuage the feelings of Tinubu and some founders of the party who are planning to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023. “Top founders of the party know that President Buhari promised to hand over to Tinubu in 2023. Now if they don’t want to fulfil that promise, they have to sit down with Tinubu and discuss. “Tinubu has to be respected. You can’t treat him as a nobody and expect him to keep quiet and do nothing. He is a democrat,” he said.   Source Abuja - There are strong indications that the All Progressives Congress may adopt consensus arrangement to pick its presidential candidate in 2023. Top chieftains of the APC, who confided in The PUNCH on Tuesday, said stalwarts of the party had started reaching out to members nursing presidential ambition on the… In "Top Stories" The Caretaker Chairman of the All Progressives Congress in Lagos State, Mr Tunde Balogun, has disclosed that the founding fathers of the party had an agreement in 2014 that the South-West geopolitical zone will produce the party’s presidential candidate for the 2023 election. He said it would be “dishonourable” for… In "Politics" A political pressure group calling on the All Progressives Congress (APC) National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, to contest the 2023 presidential election has hit one million followers, Daily Trust can report. This is as support continues to swell for the APC Leader to emerge as the successor of President Muhammadu… In "News"