The timetable for the 2023 General elections won’t be released until the Electoral Act amendment bill is signed into law, The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has disclosed.  This was disclosed by the commission’s chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, at the first quarterly meeting with political parties for 2022. Mahmood said they are looking forward to a speedy passage of the bill, which will determine its preparation for the 2023 General Elections. He said; “On the Electoral Amendment Bill currently before the National Assembly, the commission is encouraged by the Senate President’s assurance to give priority attention to the Bill when the National Assembly reconvenes from its recess today, and the commitment by the President to assent to the Bill as soon as the issue of mode of primaries by political parties is resolved. “We look forward to a speedy passage of the Bill, which is crucial to our preparations for future elections. As soon as it is signed into law, the commission will quickly release the Timetable and Schedule of Activities for the 2023 General Election based on the new law.”  Source BY TUNDE AJALA Abuja -. Continued delay in the assent to the Electoral Act (2010) amendment bill may affect the adoption of the new amendments for the 2023 general elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission has said. The commission said though it operates based on existing legal regime, it was… In "Top Stories" Independent National Electoral Commission Chairman Prof. Mahmood Yakubu has lamented the non-passage of the Electoral Act (amendment) Bill, by the National Assembly less than two years to the 2023 elections. Yakubu said the commission is not yet clear or certain about the legal framework that would undergird the 2023 elections… In "Politics" AHEAD of the 2023 general elections, stakeholders, Monday, said the National Assembly retransmitting the Electoral Act Amendment Bill to President Muhammadu Buhari stands in the interest of Nigerians. This was part of the discussion by some panelists at the Townhall Forum on the Electoral Bill 2022 organised by Yiaga Africa.… In "News"