By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Publisher/Editor-in-Chief of Newsdiaryonline, Mr Danlami Nmodu mni on Wednesday unveiled a new platform known as ‘Modus Operandum’ for strategic insight into issues in Nigeria’s National Interest. The new platform is dedicated to analysis, insightful opinions, reviews and reports on issues of public interest, Nmodu, who is also the Deputy President of the Guild of Corporate Online Publishers (GOCOP) said. Nmodu, a member of the National Institute, said he has chosen to float this additional platform to give back to society the benefits of his training at the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies NIPSS, Kuru Jos. “After reflecting on the investment in me, I believe I needed to float this platform for insightful analysis of national issues. Hopefully Modus Operandum will emerge as a leading platform contributing towards policy reports and the policy briefs that may be relevant to public administration in Nigeria.” “Essentially, Modus Operandum will for now remain accessible to the public, Nmodu, assured. Modus Operandum will not be driven by the daily routine of breaking news, like Newsdiaryonline, which remains active and strong on news and others. However, the new platform will remain relevant and throw penetrating insight into relevant contemporary issues, Nmodu said. Areas of interest include health, public policy, election and democracy issues, anti corruption matters, defence, security and diplomatic issues among other. Analysis from Modus Operandum staff and renowned contributors will be served on regular basis, the publisher said. •Newsdiary online Publisher Danlami Nmodu ABUJA - The Department of State Services (DSS) has invited the Publisher/Editor-in-Chief of Newsdiary online, Danlami Nmodu, to the headquarters of the Agency in Abuja for questioning. A DSS operative who called Danlami by telephone on Wednesday morning, said the invitation was with respect to… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) — The Management of Newsdiary Communications Limited, publishers of Newsdiaryonline, has announced that the online newspaper has resumed publication again, after it came under malicious cyber attack last Thursday evening. A statement by its publisher and Editor-in-Chief, Danlami Nmodu, expressed gratitude to the Almighty God and the wizardry… In "News" YENAGOA (Sundiata Post) - The Chief Press Secr­etary to the Bayelsa State Governor, Mr. Daniel Iworiso-Mark­son ‎has congratulat­ed the Publisher of The Eagle Online, Do­tun Oladipo for emer­ging as the new‎ Pre­sident of the Guild of Corporate Online Publishers (GOCOP). ‎ Oladipo, a profession­al media practitioner, was elected during the… In "News"