The Governor of Kogi State, Yahaya Bello, has commiserated with the government and people of Kano state and the entire Emirates Council over the loss of their two illustrious sons, renowned urologist, Dr. Ibrahim Datti Ahmed, President- General, Supreme Council for Shariah in Nigeria and Alh. Othman Bashir Tofa, a former Presidential candidate.ADVERTISING In a statement by his Chief Press Secretary ONOGWU Muhammed, Governor Bello described the loss of the two elder statesmen as a great loss not only to Kano state but Nigeria in general. “Dr Datti Ahmed, was a refined gentleman with unquantifiable contributions to the development of education and the Shariah knowledge as a guidance to the Muslim faithful”. “He will be missed for his wise counselling and his vast knowledge on moral lessons needed for our future generations” he said. Similarly, Governor Bello expressed shock over the death of a former presidential candidate of the National Republican Convention in the 1993 election, Alhaji Bashir Tofa saying his death has no doubt created a vacuum in Nigeria’s political space. “He was a gentleman politician who believed in service delivery and developmental democracy” Governor Bello said. He prayed to Allah (SWT) to grant their souls eternal rest in Aljannatur firdausi. The governor also prayed to Allah to grant their families, the government and people of Kano state and the entire Emirates Council the fortitude to bear the irreparable loss. THE All Progressives Congress National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, has commiserated with Kano State Governor Abdullahi Ganduje and the Supreme Council for Sharia in Nigeria over the death of Elder-statesman and President of the council, Dr. Datti Ahmed. He said throughout his life, Dr. Ahmed symbolised and fought for justice,… In "News" The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan paid a visit to Kano on Saturday to attend the wedding Fatiha of daughters of one of his close associates, Alhaji Hassan Kafayos. The Senate President embarked on the trip from Abuja with the Governor of Yobe State and Chairman, Caretaker Extraordinary Convention… In "News" By Vivian Emoni Abuja -  Gov Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has appointed Prof. Attahiru Jega, former INEC Chairman, as chairman of a Committee for the establishment of Yusuf Maitama-Sule Centre for Advancement of Politics and Democratic Governance. A statement by Malam Muhammad Garba, Commissioner for Information of the state,… In "News"