 Dr Emeka Igwesi, Enugu State Chairman, Nigeria Legion, has urged Nigerians to shun violence and give peace a chance in the country. Igwesi gave the advice at an event to mark the 2022 Armed Forces Remembrance Day at the Micheal Okpara Square, Enugu on Saturday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the day is an annual event held on every Jan. 15 to commemorate the nation’s service men and fallen heroes. The chairman advised Nigerians to individually and collectively strive for unity of the country irrespective of ethnic and religious differences. “We should have reasons to keep the country together, we should see that there is a reason for us to maintain peace and stability in the country. “Grievance and agitations are normal. As much as we can do that in a more peaceful and meaningful way,” he stated. He advised the government at all levels to see themselves as people in a position of trust, as well as people who had been given responsibilities to carry out on behalf of others. “Government should do things that are good and acceptable to the people and any unit that has issues of complaint, government should address it in a peaceful way. “Policies should not only be humane, but must also be equitable. No section should be cheated; no section should be treated as inferior to other. “Everybody should be given his dues, that is what goverment should do, let there be justice,” he added. The chairman urged citizens and government alike, to play their roles well, to ensure that peace, stability and happiness reigned. Igwesi urged governement to always remember the wives of the falling heroes and their dependants. The chairman advised other states the were yet to queue into the fallen heroes project to do so. Igwesi called on government to take good care of ex- servicemen to avoid agitation and protests. The highlight of the event was the release of symbolic pigeons and laying of wreaths for the fallen heroes by the state governor, Chief Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi and others. The chairperson, wives of the fallen heroes in Enugu, who wept uncontrollably also took turns to lay wreaths. (NAN) Enugu - The Chairman of the Nigerian Legion, Enugu State Council, Mr Emeka Igwesi has called for improvement in the welfare of ex-servicemen in the country. Igwesi made the call on Wednesday in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Enugu shortly after the laying of wreath… In "Politics" By Suleiman Shehu Ibadan  -  The Deputy Governor of Oyo State, Mr Moses Adeyemo, has commended the military for efforts in restoring peace to the North-East and the entire country. Adeyemo gave the commendation in Ibadan on Sunday during the 2017 Armed Forces Remembrance Day celebration. The deputy governor said… In "News" Umuahia  -  Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia has urged Nigerians to reflect on the sacrifices of fallen heroes who laid their lives for the unity of the nation. Ikpeazu made the call at the 2016 Armed Forces Remembrance Day celebration in Umuahia on Friday He enjoined Nigerians to stand on… In "News"