Constitution Review: Nigerians’ll not be taken for granted ― Wase Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rt. Hon Ahmed Idris Wase has condemned in strong terms the recent attack on Ancha village, in Irigwe chiefdom of Bassa local government area of Plateau state. Wase in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Umar Muhammad Puma on Friday commiserated with the government of Plateau state, the entire Irigwe community and the immediate families of those affected. READ ALSO:Twitter: APC govt should apologize to Nigerians for infringing on their rights -Reps’ minority caucus The Deputy Speaker said the “killings were barbaric and unfortunate especially at a time when the Irigwe and Fulani communities held a reconciliation meeting aimed at finding lasting solution to the crisis.” Wase further called on the people of Plateau state to support the security measures been put in place by Governor Lalong led administration in tackling the perennial crisis in the state. He commended security agencies for their prompt response to the crisis, urging them to do all it takes to ensure that those involve in the dastardly act are arrested and promptly prosecuted. Wase also stressed the need for prompt justice delivery in all such dastardly acts as a means of preventing future occurrences of such ugly incidence By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Deputy speaker of the House of Representatives, Rt. Hon. Ahmed Idris Wase has condemned the attack in Kulben village of Kombun District of Mangu Local Government Area of Plateau State. In a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Umar Muhammad Puma, Wase… In "News" There was tension in Plateau State yesterday, following the killing of 23 persons on Rukuba Road in Jos North Local Government Area on Saturday. Governor Simon Lalong, in a broadcast, announced a curfew in three local government areas. He said 23 people were killed; 23 injured, 26 rescued unhurt and… In "News" Hon Ahmed Idris Wase has emerged the Deputy Speaker of the 9th Assembly of the Federal House of Representatives. Wase of the All Progressives Congress who represents Wase Federal Constituency of Plateau State in the Green Chamber was elected unopposed by his colleagues. Wase, who himself had earlier aspired to… In "Top Stories"