President Muhammadu Buhari has reacted to the demise of Olubadan of Ibadan.  The President said the passing of the Olubadan, Oba Saliu Adetunji, left a big void to fill. Buhari described the late Olubadan as a visionary, compassionate, and respected traditional ruler, saying he used his influence to advance the cause of his people. Buhari, in a release by his media adviser, Femi Adesina, extended his condolences to the government and people of Oyo State, the royal family, the Olubadan-in-council, and the people of Ibadan over the demise of the monarch. He stressed that the late Kabiyesi was “a visionary and compassionate leader, who used the spheres of his influence as a respected traditional ruler and a lover of the creative industry to advance the progress of his people, encouraging and motivating them to give their best in their vocations and to the nation.” While his demise understandably leaves a huge void to fill, Buhari urged “the people of Ibadan and Nigerians from different walks of life to honour the eternal memory of the deceased by imbibing the virtues he cherished so much: generosity, peace, tolerance and devotion to unity.” The president said as the funeral rites of the 41st Olubadan got underway, he trusted that the process of selecting his successor would be guided by wisdom, understanding, and good judgment that typified the life he lived. Buhari prayed God to grant the soul of Oba Adetunji eternal rest and comfort the family, friends, associates and subjects he left behind.  Source The South West Agenda for Asiwaju 2023, SWAGA’23 has commiserated with the family of late Oba Saliu Adetunji, the Olubadan of Ibadanland on his recent transition to join his ancestors. The 93-years-old monarch who reportedly passed away in the early hours of Sunday at the University College Hospital (UCH) in… In "News" IBADAN - Oyo State has been thrown into mourning following the death of Oba Samuel Odulana Odugade, the Olubadan of Ibadan. The Olubadan died in the evening of Tuesday, January 19 after he lost consciousness. According to The Nation, Oba Odulana, who turned 100 years in 2014, was reportedly taken… In "Top Stories" Buhari to attend Olubadan’s burial – Gov. Ajimobi NAN-H-87 Olubadan Abuja, Jan. 26, 2016 (NAN) President Muhammadu Buhari is to attend the burial rite of late Olubadan of Ibadanland, Oba Samuel Odulana Odugade I, Gov. Mr Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo State, has said. Ajimobi made this known to State House… In "News"