An Improvised Explosive Devices (I.E.D) has been used to destroy the Police Headquarters in Imo state by some unknown gunmen.  The incident happened Thursday, January 6, after the gunmen stormed the Ideato South Police Station, shooting sporadically and threw IEDs. The hoodlums were immediately repelled by the Command’s tactical teams and the police operatives of the division. In the ensuing gun duel, the hoodlums were overwhelmed by the superior fire-power of the police resulting in several of them fleeing into the bush with various degrees of bullet injuries. Confirming th incident, CSP Michael Abattam, spokesperson of the state police command said no life or arms was lost during the attack. He added that the detonated Improvised Explosive Devices (I.E.D) only caused minimal damage. The police spokesperson stated that the state Commissioner of Police CP Rabiu Hussaini, psc, while commending the officers and men for their gallantry, called on members of the public especially, those residing in the community to assist the police by availing them with credible information and to report any person seen treating bullet wounds or hiding within the community to the nearest police station.  Source By CHARLES IWUOHA Unknown gunmen on Thursday night, October 21, 2021, set ablaze the Isiala Mbano Local Government Area Divisional Police Headquarters in Imo State, located at Umuelemai. The gun-carrying gunmen also set the suspects free amidst a downpour. The incident occurred around 7 pm. Fleeing gunmen had on March… In "Top Stories" Abuja - An unspecified number of Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and Eastern Security Network (ESN) members were killed in a clash with the police during a raid on their camp located at Akata in Oru East Local Government Area of Imo State on Friday. The police also suffered heavy… In "Top Stories" The Obowo Divisional Police Headquarters, located at Umulowe autonomous community area of Imo State was on Friday attacked by gunmen. Two policemen who were on duty were killed in the attack. The hoodlums also injured three other cops who resisted them from gaining access into the headquarters. The PUNCH reports… In "News"