The Governor of Ekiti, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has declared Thursday as a work-free day for public and private schools in the state ahead of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship primary election. This is contained in a statement by Mr O.R Ajayi, the Director of Schools, on behalf of the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Education, Science and Technology. Ajayi said in the statement that all public and private (primary and secondary schools) are to observe the work-free day. He directed all Heads of various Schools to ensure compliance with the directive. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that the governorship primary of the APC in Ekiti will hold on Thursday. NAN reports that the party had adopted direct primaries (Option A4) mode to select the candidate to fly its flag in the June 18 governorship election. The party will be using both primary and secondary school playgrounds as venues for the exercises to select the party’s candidate. No fewer than eight aspirants are jostling for the APC governorship ticket, including the National Assembly member, Sen. Opeyemi Bamidele; former Minister of Works, Sen. Dayo Adeyeye; House of Representatives member, Femi Bamisile. Others are the immediate past Secretary to Ekiti Government, Biodun Oyebanji, who is being touted as the anointed candidate of the state governor; former House of Representatives member, Bamidele Faparusi; former governorship aspirant, Kayode Ojo; an Aviation expert, Demola Popoola and Olusola Afolabi. Abuja(SundiataPost)-The Ekiti State Governor, Dr. Kayode Fayemi, on Wednesday abolished the education tax introduced by the Government of Mr. Ayodele Fayose in all primary and secondary schools. Fayemi said education would henceforth be free in all public primary and secondary schools across the state, saying it was an aberration for… In "Education" Ariwodola Idowu   Ado Ekiti -  The new Ekiti state governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, on Wednesday ordered the immediate scrapping of payment of development levy in all public secondary and primary schools across the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that students and pupils pay N1,000 and N500… In "News" By Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti - Gov.Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti says he has no grudge against his predecessor, Chief Segun Oni, for challenging his election victory in court.Fayemi spoke in Ado Ekiti on Wednesday while reacting to his victory at the Supreme Court in the  eligibility suit filed by Oni.The… In "Politics"