Governors in marathon meeting on insecurity, health, food security, others THE thirty-six state governors under the aegis of Nigeria Governors’ Forums, NGF, are engaged in a marathon meeting to brainstorm on the nation’s security challenges, health, food security, among others. The governors are still in a closed door meetring in Abuja at the Maitama, NGF’s Secretariat as of the time of filing this report. The meeting started at past 8 pm and it is still ongoing as at 12.29 am. Surprisingly, the Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Abdulrasheed Bawa is at the meeting to brief the governors, even as the Governor of Central Bank of Nigeria, EFCC, Godwin Emefiele also attended the meeting. On ground for the meeting are the NGF Chairman and Ekiti State governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, governors of Kano State; Nasarawa, Kano; Anambra, Oyo, Osun and Imo States. Others are Deputy Governors of Katsina; Rivers; and kogi. The meeting which is the first in 2022, is a physical meeting as opposed to the regular virtual ones as part of moves to effectively convey the messages of the meeting, even as pressing national concerns are being discussed. At the meeting, interventions programmes like the regular updates from the Nigeria Governors’ Forum SFTAS team and another on CARES, as well as a few presentations from the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, World Bank on COVID- 19 intervention, insecurity, food security, among others featured. Governors are worried about the killing of an army captain and 11 soldiers by militia in Benue State. They are also unhappy at the coordinated attacks on the police headquarters and the Correctional Centre in Owerri, Imo State. The two incidents are worrisome and they are evidence of the worsening… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday met with state governors and security chiefs in Aso Rock as they took their turns to brief the Commander in Chief on security situations in their domains. Buhari at the meeting received report recommending creation of State and… In "News" Chijioke Okoronkwo   Abuja -   The Nigerian Governors Forum (NGF) has described as unconstitutional the freezing of the accounts of Benue Government by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). Gov. Abdulaziz Yari of Zamfara, the Chairman of NGF, spoke with State House correspondents after a closed door meeting… In "News"