Things have escalated between Burna Boy and Shatta Wale after the exchange of words turned to accusations.  In the latest exchange, Shatta Wale made a damning allegation of r#pe against Burna Boy. Recall Shatta Wale has been ranting for days about Nigerians not doing enough to promote Ghanaian artists and their music in Nigeria. In Burna’s initial reply, he accused Shatta Wale of pushing an agenda of separation and then proposed a one on one fight with him to squash it off. While Shatta Wale wants to instead face Burna Boy in a freestyle battle, the Nigerian singer had to clarify that he’s only interested in a physical fight between them, adding that he wants to see the Ghanaian singer’s teeth and blood on the floor. Hitting back at Burna Boy in a series of tweets, Shatta Wale accused Burna Boy of r#pe. He mocked Burna for allowing his mom manage him, claiming she’s controlling his career, accused him of hiding his father from everyone. He also claimed that he helped Burna when he had a Police case in Nigeria, and alleged that the Nigerian singer is a 5minutes man. Read his tweets below:  Popular Nigerian singer, Wizkid has won the 2020 BET Soul Train Award. Recall that the 2020 edition of the Black Entertainment Television Soul Train Music Awards winners were announce on November 29, 2020 to recognize the best in soul, R&B and Hip-Hop music. It was aired on BET, BET Her,… In "Entertainment" Abuja - Global icon, Beyonce has enlisted Nigerian music superstars Wizkid, Tiwa Savage, Yemi Alade, Burna Boy, Tekno and Mr Eazi in new ‘Lion King’ album. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Beyonce had earlier announced that she worked with African artists and producers to retain the authenticity of… In "Entertainment" Ghanaian rapper, Shatta Wale, receives a brand new 2019 Range Rover as birthday gift. Shatta wale who is celebrating his birthday today, 17th october 2019 received a new range rover from his Godfather. The rapper shared a photo with his new ride on his IG page. He wrote: "2019 Range… In "Entertainment"