A housewife, identified as Motunrayo, has allegedly killed her husband, Alaba, aka Bama, in the Abule-Egba area of Lagos State.  PUNCH Metro gathered that the couple had an argument at their house, which degenerated into a fight. Motunrayo was alleged to have plugged a pressing iron, which she used to inflict burns on her husband’s chest. The victim was said to have died from the injuries. Our correspondent learnt that the hotelier and his wife, alongside their three children, just returned from a vacation in Dubai. Until Alaba’s death on Monday, January 14, 2022, he was said to be the owner of the Bama Hotel and Suites in the Abule Egba area. There are, however, two different versions of what led to the fight between the couple. A man, Kelly Hassino, claimed that Motunrayo discovered that her husband impregnated another woman. In a post on Facebook, he wrote, “The wife of the owner of the popular Bama hotel and suites in Agbule Egba in Lagos state has killed him last night while sleeping for finding out he impregnated a Lady! “Bama as he’s fondly called just returned from an expensive vacation in Dubai along with her and their three kids. They have been married for 8 years. “Worse of all was the manner in which she killed him. She first of all drugged him and when he slept off and lost all his senses, she plugged a pressing iron to the hottest and burnt him on several parts of his body until he died. “This is callous a disturbingly painful, a cold and calculated murder. Dear wives, stop killing your husbands over infidelity.” However, a source revealed that during interrogation, Motunrayo claimed that she had an argument with her husband because he refused to sack a worker. The source said Motunrayo revealed that during a fight that ensued, she used a hot iron to burn Alaba’s chest. The source added, “After the attack on Sunday, she said her husband and her junior brother left the house to relax at a bar before returning home later in the day. When he returned, she said they gisted and went to sleep. “She said she advised her husband to apply something on his chest, but he said she should not worry because it was a small thing and it would heal. “She later said that they were having fun the following day when her husband suddenly started gasping for breath. They wore clothes and rushed him to a hospital where he died on that same day. She never said she drugged her husband. “We also heard the story of her husband impregnating someone and it led to a quarrel between them. But investigation is still ongoing.” The state Police Public Relations Officer, CSP Adekunle Ajisebutu, confirmed the incident, adding that Motunrayo and three other suspects had been arrested in connection with the crime. He said, “His body has been deposited in the Yaba Mainland Hospital’s morgue for an autopsy. The deceased’s wife and three others have been arrested in connection with the suspected murder case.”   Source Lagos - Mercy Johnson has taken to social media to show off the luxury hotel she built with her husband, Odi Okojie. Tonto Dikeh had earlier broken the news on her timeline when she congratulated the couple on the achievement. Tonto wrote:  "Henod Luxury Hotels…Opening on 21st Dec 2019… A True Definition of… In "Entertainment" By Funmilayo Okunade Ado-Ekiti, - A 40-year-old housewife, Motunrayo Ajayi, on Tuesday asked an Ado-Ekiti  Customary Court to dissolve her 12-year-old marriage to her husband, Taiwo Ajayi, over lack of care. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Motunrayo, a mother of two, accused Ajayi of incessant beating, destruction… In "Metro" LAGOS - A 39-year-old businessman, James Andrew, on Thursday appeared before an Abule Egba Magistrates’ Court in Lagos for allegedly beating up his father in-law. James, who resides at No. 3, Oku St., off Sholuye Street, Gbagada, Lagos, is standing trial on a two-count charge of assault and unlawful damage… In "News"