Former Governor Rochas Okorocha of Imo State has accused the Governor, Hope Uzodimma of instigating the killings of a former presidential adviser, Ahmed Gulak, some traditional rulers and over 140 innocent people during the unknown gunmen saga. According to THISDAY, Okorocha decried the growing insecurity bedeviling the state and challenged the governor to tell Imo people the truth about his secret security outfit code-named, “Hopism Security Forces (HSF)” and Ebubeagu, an organ he alleged master-minded several killings in the state. According to him, “Mr. Governor should tell the world, who killed Gulak? Who killed the traditional rulers? Who killed the 140 people? Who beheaded those beheaded and displayed their heads as if they had won trophy?” Okorocha, who also challenged the governor to unmask his killer squad (HSF), which comprised of security agents and were unknown to the Inspector General of Police and the Chief of Army Staff, with him as the Commander, his chief security officer as coordinator and his special adviser on special duties as chief organizer. “He hired some criminals to implicate Uche Nwosu, my son-in-law. I have taken it as matter of honour to let the world know what is happening in the state. The governor goes to Abuja to tell Mr. President lies. I know Mr. President as one whose integrity is not questionable and he would not listen to those lies perpetrated by Uzodimma. “The governor goes with killer squad anywhere he goes. He was made the chairman of APC governorship campaign committee in Anambra state and there were killings there. Since the Anambra election was concluded, there has not been any killing there. And in Imo State, since those he sent to abduct Uche Nwosu in the Church had been unmasked, no killing has been recorded in Imo. “Let the governor accept responsibility of what is happening in the state. This time, I want to come out to let the world know the truth. This time, I am out to expose the evil. He can no longer hide,” he stated. Okorocha, who appealed to the Inspector-General of Police, Usman Alkali Baba to investigate his claims, also challenged the governor to explain to the world, why he failed to mention names of sponsors of banditry, kidnapping, killings and other forms of criminality in the state at the stakeholders meeting in Owerri on Tuesday. Dismissing Uzodinma’s recent stakeholders’ meeting as an exercise in futility, Okorocha wondered why his legacies, which impacted positively on the lives of the people were being attributed to the Uzodimma administration, which he said was also making every effort to drag his hard earned reputation in the mud through baseless and groundless allegations. He also stated that as a founding member of the APC, he could not leave the party for newcomers, adding that he was done with any other elections except the presidency, which he was presently pursing. A former Imo state governor, Rochas Okorocha has condemned the arrest of his son-in-law and governorship aspirant, Uche Nwosu. The Senator said that the mystery of ''unknown gunmen'' in Imo state is now unraveling following the recent invasion of the Anglican church to arrest Uche Nwosu by masked security officers.… In "News" THE Peoples Democratic Party on Monday accused the Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodimma, and a former governor of the state, Rochas Okorocha, of turning the state into a war zone. The PDP spokesperson in the state, Ogubundu Nwadike, in a statement on Monday said the clash between the supporters of… In "Features" •Governor UzodinmaOWERRI - Governor Hope Uzodimma of Imo State has given reasons for the arrest of some priests and leaders of Cherubim and Seraphim Church and Our Lord’s Sabbath Mission in some council areas of Orlu by soldiers.He said members of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) perpetrating crimes… In "News"