ABUJA – Former Senate President Anyim Pius Anyim has described the late Alhaji Bashir Tofa as a man who spent 40 years of active politics building consensus and working for a peaceful Nigeria. According to a statement issued by Sam Nwaobasi, Anyim’s media adviser, the former Senate President received the death of Tofa with deep sorrow.He said Tofa was “so committed to a peaceful Nigeria that throughout the electioneering campaigns leading to the 1993 presidential elections, in which he was the candidate of the National Republican Convention (NRC), Alhaji Tofa never did anything, in words or actions, that could have instigated crisis in any form.” Anyim urged politicians to imbibe Alhaji Tofa’s “politics without bitterness” in the interest of the peace, unity and harmony of Nigeria as the country prepares for the 2023 general elections. Alhaji Tofa died on Monday at the age of 74. He is best remembered as the candidate of the defunct NRC in the annulled 1993 presidential election won by the late Chief MKO Abiola, candidate of the defunct Social Democratic Party (SDP). •Ex-presidential candidate Bashir Othman Tofa ABUJA (SundiataPost) - A former presidential candidate of the National Republican Convention (NRC), Alhaji Bashir Othman Tofa, has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to immediately order the release of Mr. Nasturah Ashir Sheriff, a leader of the Katsina protest over bloodbath in the North. He… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Kano State Governor Abdullahi Ganduje has eulogised late Bashir Tofa, saying his contributions to Nigeria’s democracy remained indelible. In a statement signed by the commissioner for Information, Muhammad Garba, the governor noted the sacrifices of Tofa, who started taking up leadership responsibilities at… In "Top Stories" •Late Alhaji Bashir Tofa Alhaji Bashir Tofa, the Presidential candidate of the defunct National Republican Convention (NRC) in the annulled 12 June 1993 election is dead. He was aged 74. Tofa was MKO Abiola’s major challenger in the controversial presidential election, annulled by the military government of General Ibrahim Babangida.… In "Top Stories"