THE politics of 2023 election gathered more steam with the declaration of Prof Christopher Imumolen for the President in Abuja on Saturday.  Declaring his intention to contest for the top job in the country, Imumolen expressed pessimism that Nigeria may not win the war against terrorism without identifying and prosecuting those sponsoring the attacks in the country. According to him, what Nigeria needed was a new crop of leaders to turn the fortunes of the country around for the better. Imumolen, the founder of the Joint Professional Training and Support, an institute of science management and technology, said the security challenges in the country required identification and prosecution of the masterminds. He said, “We don’t need to play around that; if we continue to do that we continue to lose souls in this country and it also would further hamper the development we want to have in Nigeria.” The don advised the youths to get more involved in determining the leadership of the country in 2023, adding that he would not disclose the political platform he intends to run on yet as he wants the focus to be on his personality instead of the party. According to him, investors are the drivers of the economy, saying if he clinches the top job, one of his plans would be to rejig the investment politics in Nigeria to encourage investors.  Source By Hilary Akalugwu Nsukka (Enugu State) - Prof. Jonah Onuoha, the Head of Political Science Department, University of Nigeria, Nsukka, has described the current campaign by political office holders ahead of 2023 as premature and bad omen for the nation’s democracy.Speaking in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria… In "News" The Benue State Governor, Mr Samuel Ortom, on Tuesday visited the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, three days after he was attacked by herdsmen. At the end of the meeting held behind closed doors, the governor told State House correspondents that with the current… In "Politics" Following the interest shown by some individuals to become the country’s president in 2023, a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Adamu Kuta, has criticised the party National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, for saying he is under pressure to contest after President Muhammad Buhari’s 2nd term in office which… In "Top Stories"