AS part of measures to curb importation of offensive and unapproved goods into the country through the sea ports, the Nigeria Customs Service, NCS, the Nigerian Ports Authority, NPA, the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA, and the Department of States Security, DSS, have signified their intention to work together. Speaking on this during a media briefing last week, the Customs Area Controller, CAC, Apapa Area1 Command of the Nigeria Customs Service, NCS, Yusuf Malanta, said the need for collaboration is essential for efficiency, noting that the presence of all the government agencies at the breifing underscores the importance attached to it. Malanta explained that information sharing and collaboration will make it difficult for such goods to get into the country through Apapa port. The Apapa Port Manager, Olufunmilayo Olotu, speaking also on the issue of collaboration, said due to the collaboration amongst government agencies activities within the port axis have been highly successful. She said that the singular focus is to ensure that they implement all the initiatives of the Federal Government. The NDLEA Area Commander, Apapa Port Special Area, Assistant Commander-General of Narcotics, ACGN, Bashir Gadzama, said, “The fact that we the agencies have come together at the beginning of the year shows that there will be greater collaboration this year. “We intend to improve on what we have achieved the previous year; synergy is very important.” By Oluwafunke Ishola Lagos  -  Stakeholders in the business community have urged the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) to eliminate corruption, ensure transparency and timeliness to enhance trade. The stakeholders made the call at an interactive forum with the Nigeria Customs Service on Thursday in Lagos. The News Agency of Nigeria… In "News" The Federal Government has set a revenue target of N4.1trillion for the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) this year. The service contributed N2.24trillion into the Consolidated Revenue Account (CRA) last year. The N4.1trillion revenue target was disclosed by the Customs Area Controller (CAC), Apapa command of the service, Me Yusuf Malanta,… In "News" By Uchenna Eletuo   Lagos,    -      The Standards Organisation of Nigeria (SON) says it will reduce the importation of substandard products by 75 per cent by 2019, if permitted to stay in the ports. Mr Obiora Manafa, SON’s Director of Inspection and Compliance Directorate, made this known in an interview… In "News"