A three-storey building has gone up in flames on New year’s day after suspected electrical appliances exploded shortly after power supply was restored to the building. As of the time of filing this report, there were no casualties figures reported yet but property worth millions of naira have been lost to the sudden inferno. The building is located at Onadeko street, off Anjorin Street, Lawanson in Surulere, Lagos State. Also Read: An eyewitness told our correspondent that, “The men of the Federal Fire Service and Lagos State Fire Service arrived about an hour at the scene after the fire incident started but they were unable to out of the fire owing to bad equipment that malfunctioned at the scene of the incident.” According to the eyewitness, Mr Ladi Sarumi, “an explosion was heard at the last floor of the building shortly after power supply was restored to the building, while an alternative power supply source, a generator set was still on.” He said, “The landlord is currently on holiday, in Ebonyi State, but the wife and domestic staff are at home when the fire broke out.” As of the time of filing this report, No official of The Lagos State Emergency Management (LASEMA) official was on the ground and calls made to the agency were not taken nor any feedback yet but efforts to put out the fire by neighbours are ongoing at the scene Details shortly… By Aisha Cole Lagos - Two multi-storey buildings were gutted by fire at different locations in Lagos Island on Tuesday, destroying goods and property worth millions of naira in the ever busy commercial city centre. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that a six-storey building situated at Oluwole Market,… In "News" Lagos  - Fire on Thursday evening gutted an MRS filling station and two buildings in Lawanson, SuruLere Local Government Area, Lagos. The fire destroyed two houses and few shops before the arrival of men of the Lagos State Fire Service. One of the houses, a storey building beside the filling… In "News" Fire on Wednesday disrupted the activities of the officers of the Rapid Response Squad (RRS) headquarters at the Alausa, Ikeja office. The Nation learnt that one of the power distribution boxes in the RRS office caught fire. The RRS office is near Bagauda Kaltho Press Centre. The incident occurred around… In "Top Stories"