According to a report by The PUNCH, some bandits have reportedly attacked and killed one person in the residence of a police officer attached to the Inspector General of Police’s Special Intelligence Response Team, ASP Aliyu Umar, in Zaria, Kaduna State.  The attack which occurred on Monday night, also left a neighbour to the police officer, injured. It was gathered that the bandits in large number stormed the home of the police officer, shooting indiscriminately while residents of the area scampered for safety. According to the police officer, his house was the target of the hoodlums, adding that the bandits riddled his house with bullets. Aliyu while confirming the attack, said, “One Abubakar Aliyu was killed while an elderly man, Abubakar, was shot in the chest and has been rushed to hospital. “My house was full of people numbering more than 20, including my friend who arrived from Egypt, my aged mother and my siblings. “When I heard shootings, I opened my entrance door thinking it was police officers on patrol, but I saw three people holding guns and I quickly went back in and shut the door then locked it.”  Source The spate of insecurity in the country assumed a more dangerous dimension on Monday as Boko Haram insurgents made inroads into Niger State and gunmen killed two students of Greenfield University in Kaduna state. Also on Monday, the Vice-Chancellor of the Federal University of Agriculture, Makurdi, Benue State, Professor Richard… In "News" It was a bloody day on Wednesday as gunmen went on the rampage in various parts of the country. They killed two policemen in an attack on the Adani divisional headquarters in Enugu State. In Kaduna State, bandits killed a worker and abducted a yet-to-be specified number of students from… In "News" Gunmen suspected to be kidnappers have attacked Angwan Alkali, Mararaban Rido area, a suburb of Kaduna metropolis in Chikun Local government area, killing two persons. The hoodlums, who were reported to have invaded the community at about 1:00am on Thursday, also kidnapped a 13-year old girl. The Nation gathered the… In "Metro"