Gospel singer, Sammie Okposo has been removed from the list of artists participating in Dunamis International Gospel Centre concert on Friday following the adultery scandal.  A new flyer posted on Instagram on Tuesday shows that the singer whose name was previously listed to perform has been removed. This comes after the singer confessed and publicly apologised for cheating on his wife Ozioma with a US-based lady. Apologising in an Instagram post, Sammie wrote: ”Dear friends, I need to bring a very unfortunate incident to your attention as I am not proud of it but know that this is the right thing to do. “On my recent trip to the USA (Late 2021), I got intimately involved with a lady, knowing that this was not appropriate as a married man and a minister of the gospel. I am ashamed and regret my actions as it has caused a lot of pain to my dear wife, Ozioma, my family and I. “As I work in making peace with God, repenting and asking for His forgiveness, I am suspending myself from all ministry work until full restoration as this is what is proper and what I know I owe God and His people.” Addressing his wife Ozioma, he said, “To my wife, Ozioma. I am sincerely sorry I put you through this shameful and embarrassing situation. I broke your trust and disappointed you. Your forgiveness of my moral failure and poor judgement is important to me. I pray I will eventually be able to build back the trust and confidence every single day for the rest of my life.”  Source Popular gospel artiste, Sammie Okposo, on Tuesday tendered a public apology to his wife, Ozioma, and his fans after he confessed to cheating on his wife. The Wellu Wellu master, as he is fondly called, took to his Instagram account to reveal that when he travelled to the United States,… In "Entertainment" A United States lady, who is based in Texas and identified as African Doll, has accused Nigerian gospel music minister, Sammie Okposo, of impregnating and abandoning her. The lady in question made the accusation in a discussion with a YouTuber, Obodo Naija TV. She disclosed that she met Sammie in… In "News" Gospel singer, Sammie Okposo has lambasted the founder and leader of leader of Kharis Church in the United Kingdom, Pastor David Antwi for saying that instrumentalist who collect money for playing instruments are thieves. SEE You’re A Thief If You Play Church Instrument And Collect Money – Pastor Reveals “You’re… In "News"