According to a report by The PUNCH, some Boko Haram terrorists have abducted an unspecified number of mobile policemen at the police mobile training school in limankara Gwoza local government area of Borno State, the hometown of Senator Ali Ndume, the Chairman Senate Committee on Army.  Information available to The PUNCH revealed that the insurgent fighters attacked the training school around 8:22 on Thursday the 13 of January in the night with gun trucks and shot sporadically into the air before kidnapping the mobile Police instructors. The training school is located twenty-five kilometers from Gwoza town. It is a border town between Borno and Madagali LGA of Adamawa State. The attack is coming seven days after the terrorists attempted to infiltrate the Nigerian Army base in Gwoza in which they were successfully repelled by men of the Nigerian army. The Senate committee on Army led by Senator Ali Ndume paid a working visit to the theater command operation, Hadin Kai, in the area two days ago. More details shortly… The Chairman, Senate Committee on Army, Senator Ali Ndume, on Tuesday, raised the alarm that Boko Haram insurgents has started regrouping again in the northeastern states of Borno, Yobe and Adamawa. He stated this while briefing journalists after plenary on his bill seeking to establish Federal College of Education Gwoza,… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Lawmaker representing Borno South Senatorial District at the National Assembly, Ali Ndume, has revealed that attacks by Boko Haram insurgents was on the increase. Ndume made this known on Wednesday during a stakeholders’ meeting organised by Senate Committee on Special Duties and the North East Development… In "Top Stories" Abuja - THE Chairman, Senate Committee on the Army, Senator Ali Ndume, has said the President Muhammadu Buhari, or any security agency in Nigeria, cannot unilaterally grant blanket amnesty to repentant Boko Haram terrorists without the approval of the National Assembly. Ndume stated this on Thursday in an interview with… In "Top Stories"