Basketball player, Tristan Thompson, on Tuesday apologised to his estranged lover and baby mama, Khloe Kardashian, for fathering a child with another woman, Maralee Nichols.  Since December 2021, Thompson had been in a paternity suit with Nichols over the fathering of her son. Despite the ups and downs, Khloe had stuck to Thompson as they both agreed to raise their daughter, True, together. However, with the confirmation that the basketball player was now a father with another woman, Thompson took to his Instagram page on Tuesday to publicly apologise to Khloe. He wrote, “Today, paternity test results reveal that I fathered a child with Maralee Nichols. I take full responsibility for my actions. “Now that paternity has been established, I look forward to amicably raising our son. “I sincerely apologize to everyone I’ve hurt or disappointed throughout this ordeal both publicly and privately. “Khloe, you don’t deserve this. You don’t deserve the heartache and humiliation I have caused you. You don’t deserve the way I have treated you over the years. “My actions certainly have not lined up with the way I view you. I have the utmost respect and love for you. Regardless of what you may think. Again, I am so incredibly sorry.” Thompson and Khloe welcomed their daughter together in 2018.  Source Khloé Kardashian is a mom. Two sources close to the family tell CNN that Kardashian has given birth to a girl. Kardashian's boyfriend and the father of her child is Cleveland Cavaliers basketball player Tristan Thompson. The couple became embroiled in controversy before the birth after reports surfaced that Thompson… In "Entertainment" Popular reality star, Khloe Kardashian has dropped a major hint that she's fully back with her ex Tristan Thompson. The Keeping Up With Kardashian star, 36, and NBA star, 29, who both share a two-year-old daughter, True, have been on and off due to his cheating scandals. Tristan Thompson's last… In "Foreign" Tristan Thompson has reportedly been spotted kissing a mystery woman in New York last weekend. The 27-year-old NBA star - who is the father of Khloe Kardashian's unborn baby - is seen in a video clip getting cosy with a pretty brunette at PH-D Lounge, a rooftop bar in Manhattan,… In "Entertainment"