National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA, Enugu command has said that it seized a total of 1,359.166.85kilogrammes of drugs plus 13 capsules in 2021. The agency also said that it equally arrested 114 suspects, including 12 female suspects, while securing prosecution of 93 suspects and convicted 50 drug peddlers. Addressing the press over the agency’s achievement in 2021, the Enugu state commander of the commission, Com, Anietie Bassey Idim, CN, expressed worries over the use of methamphetamines “mkpuru-miri” drug in Enugu and their being manufactured locally within the state. Aniete, who said that the crystal meth drugs were worse than any of the category ‘A’ drugs, disclosed that the agency with the collaboration of other security agencies recorded a tremendous achievement in the year, 2021. While calling for private rehabilitation center for drug addicts, said the agency arrested 40 male for drug addicts, counsel and discharged 29 and 11 under going rehabilitation. “The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA, Enugu command in its determination to achieve a drug free Enugu state, has through her sources and with the collaboration of other security agencies made tremendous achievement in the year 2021. “Why the Agency is particularly worried about Methamphetamines (crystal meth or “mkpulu-mirt) products are Worse than any of thee category “A” drugs and their being manufactured locally make themreadily available for abuse by our teeming youth population. “Methamphetamine(crystal meth or “mkpulu-miri”) dependent persons have slimmer chances of recovering compared to user of other drugs. Clandestine laboratory also poses grave threat to the locality of its operation, as it pollutes sources of water andeven air. “It is therefore, not enough that one does not abuse the deadlysubstance, but one must ensure that he/she does not live in places where this clandestine activity goes on. “In the year under review, the State Command made the following arrests and seizure: 114 suspects, prosecuted 93 suspects, 43 case pending in court. While the number of drugs seized were, cannabis sativa, 1,328.174 kg,cocaine, 222.67grm, methamphetamine, 592.11, Psychotropic substances, 29.920kg, tramadol, 258.07 and rohypnol, 13 capsule,” He said. He said that the commission has been carrying out sensitisation/awareness program in schools, communities, markets, churches, mosques, town hall meeting, NYSC members and many other means. Isaiah Eka Uyo   -      The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), Akwa Ibom Command, said on Sunday that it arrested 235 suspected drug offenders and seized 334.06kilogrammes of drug from them in 2017. The command’s Public Relations Officer, Mrs Joy Agumuo, a Deputy Superintendent of Narcotics, disclosed this in an… In "Metro" Uyo  -   The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) in Akwa Ibom said it arrested 301 suspected drug offenders and seized about 405.2 kilogrammes of hard drugs in 2016. Spokesperson of the NDLEA in Akwa Ibom, Maria Ilugbuhi, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "News" Lagos- The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has arrested a 44-year-old man, Chide Chibude, for attempting to smuggle 1.185kg of cocaine to China. This is contained in a statement issued by Mr Mitchell Ofoyeju, Head, Public Affairs, NDLEA, on Wednesday in Lagos. The statement said the NDLEA commander at… In "News"