Kemi Afolabi, the Nollywood actress, on Wednesday narrated her ordeal with armed robbers who attacked her and her driver on their way from a movie shoot.  According to the actress, the incident took place in the Arepo area of Ogun state on Tuesday night. Afolabi took to her verified Instagram page to share pictures and videos of her injured arm as she claimed that the robbers destroyed her car and injured her with a cutlass. She wrote, “I am in a state of shock! Traumatised!! I haven’t closed my eyes to sleep since yesterday. “I also experienced the highly poor insecurity state in Nigeria which has become a norm. No matter how much we scream and cry, it always falls on deaf ears of those who govern us even when death is involved. “My driver and I were attacked by armed robbers at Arepo where I went to film while in traffic on our way back home yesterday. “They broke my windscreens, left my whole body with wounds and skin in pains because of the impact of the shattered glass which was forcefully broken while I was in the car. “My arm was cut with cutlass, and they took my phones, belongings and ran off! Sadly my driver also took a hit to his head. “Still, I am thankful because it could be worse! However, this is nothing compared to what I’ve been through in recent times. “No matter what may come my way, I will forever be grateful to God for preserving my life. “P.S: This message is typed via my daughters phone. If you are not able to reach me for now; you know why. It is well. See videos and pictures from the attack below: A post shared by Ceo Kaas & Dee Entertainment (@kemiafolabiadesipe) Popular actress and filmmaker, Iyabo Ojo, has described how she was raped as a married woman by an armed robber who stormed their house together with his gang in Ikeja, Lagos. Speaking about her rape experiences on her YouTube Channel series, “Bare it All with I.Y”, the actress said, “The… In "Entertainment" IBADAN- Controversial journalist Kemi Olunloyo allegedly gets robbed by 5 armed robbers as she shares on her Twitter handle. Kemi said the robbers smashed the doors into the house with crowbars, tied them up at gunpoint, cutlass, crowbars, cleared all electronics and beat them. Kemi Olunloyo also said that is… In "Metro" Lagos. - Nollywood Actress, Angela Okorie has broken her silence after gunmen attacked her in Lagos. The musician cum actress described the recent robbery attack on her as an assassination attempt.  The mother-of-one was attacked by gunmen in the early hours of Saturday December 14th. It was widely believed that… In "Entertainment"