Oba Adesina Oluwadare Adepoju, the deposed Deji of Akure, has passed on.  This was made known in a statement issued by Prince Dapo Adepoju, spokesman for the Adesina Royal Family of the Osupa Ruling House. According to the statement, the late monarch passed on in the early hours of Thursday after a brief illness. The statement said: “Oba Oluwadare Adepoju has passed on to the eternal glory this morning, January 27, 2022 during a brief illness. “He passed on in a private hospital in Abuja early hour of today. “The late Oba Adepoju was deposed by former Governor of Ondo State, Dr Olusegun Mimiko on grounds of misunderstanding between the monarch and his wife. “Before his transition to the eternal glory, the deposed monarch prayed for the peace of Akure Kingdom. “He said he did his best in defending his people while on the throne. “The late deposed Deji of Akure Kingdom said God made it possible for him as a son of the Osupa Ruling House to ascend the throne as the Deji of Akure Kingdom 100 years after the reign of the Ojijigogun Ruling House. “The 45th Deji promulgated and ensured implementation of reasonable market price control during his reign. He also recovered and took possession of Ilula Recreation Centre from a powerful cabal back to Akure Kingdom. “Oba Adepoju during his reign also provided local security and fair judgement was the order of the day. “Shortly before he passed on, he predicted that Akure shall be great specifically that an Akure son would lead Nigeria as President. “Finally he urged the good people of Akure Kingdom to always live in oneness and peace.” SaharaReporters recalled that Adepoju was removed by the state government on June 10, 2010, for allegedly assaulting one of his estranged wives, the late Bolanle Adepoju, in public. He was banished to a secluded village in Owo, Owo Local Government Area (LGA) of Ondo State ‎over the offence.   Source By Alaba-Olusola Oke Akure - The Deji of Akure Kingdom, Oba Aladetoyinbo Aladelusi, has commended Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State for his developmental initiatives in the town, saying “Akure people are happy with the governor”. The monarch gave the commendation on Thursday at the flag-off of the reconstruction of… In "News" By SundiataPOST, Abuja  The Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa'ad Abubakar, has described the late Deji of Akure, Oba Adebiyi Adesida, as an extremely detribalised Nigerian, whose love for peaceful co-existence was unparalleled. The Sultan said this in a message of condolence to the government and people of Ondo State over the death of… In "News" AKURE - Ondo Government on Tuesday presented staff of office to the new traditional ruler of Akure Kingdom, Oba Aladetoyinbo Ogunlade Aladelusi, Odundun II. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that Aladelusi was installed as the 48th Deji of Akure after the demise of Oba Adebiyi Adesida. Aladelusi was… In "News"