There is palpable tension in Jauro Manu village of Gassol Local Government Area of Taraba State following the killing of at least five persons and the threat by the bandits to attack more communities in the area.  Several sources told our correspondent on Monday night that the gunmen, numbering about six invaded the Jauro Manu community and killed one Musa Iramiya a businessman and farmer at about 4:30 pm on New Year’s Day before proceeding to attack other residents, leaving at least five persons dead. Musa Yakubu, a resident of the community told our correspondent that the community has not been attacked until New Year, adding that the fresh threat by the bandits has sent fears to the community as residents were contemplating fleeing the community to Mutum-Biyu, the local government headquarters. “There is tension and confusion in the community. Residents are now living in fear. “Many residents are considering leaving the community to Mutum-Biyu for fear of attacks. But I want to appeal to the security agencies to increase surveillance in the area,” Yakubu said. Taraba State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Usman Abdullahi, told our correspondent on the telephone that he was yet to get a brief from the Divisional Police Officer of the area. Abdullahi, however, promised to get back to our correspondent but was yet to do so as of the time of filing this report.  Source Kidnappers and gunmen have sustained attacks in different parts of the country abducting 75 persons and killing 18 others. In Niger State, no fewer than 50 persons were abducted in the early hours of Thursday when bandits attacked Bassa community in the Shiroro Local Government Area of the state. Nine… In "News" At least two people were killed and hundreds of villagers displaced as gunmen suspected to be cattle rustlers attacked nine villages in Wasagu-Danko local government area of Kebbi state. The suspected bandits were said to have invaded the villages which are remotely located, and share border with neighboring Zamfara state,… In "News" Kidnappers of the students of Greenfield University, Kaduna have threatened to kill the remaining students in their custody, if a ransom of N100m is not paid on or before Tuesday (today). A leader of the bandits, who abducted the students, Sani Jalingo, spoke to the Hausa service of the Voice… In "News"