Secessionist group, the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has reiterated that its militia wing, Eastern Security Network (ESN) has no camps in Orsumoghu in Anambra State and Mbaise, Obowo in Imo State.  IPOB noted that Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State instructed Nigerian Army to go from house to house searching for IPOB members and arrested “many innocent youths” some of whom are still in detention facilities across the country. The group’s spokesman, Emma Powerful, on Tuesday stated these in a release sent to SaharaReporters. It read, “The Nigeria Army Commander as well as the Police Commissioner in Imo State derives pleasure in dishing out fake information and falsehood to disrepute IPOB and ESN operatives. “We, therefore, want to once again, declare that contrary to fabricated lies by the security agencies, ESN has no camp in Lilu, Orsumoghu in Anambra State and Mbaise, Obowo in Imo State. The claims by the Nigeria security agencies that they discovered IPOB/ESN camps in the affected communities are all lies concocted to blackmail us and justify further destruction of more Igbo communities by security agents. “IPOB and ESN have no camps in these communities. We are not militants nor cannibals. Criminals can never be said to be IPOB/ESN members. We are not cultists. Our mission is the restoration of Biafra, and that has nothing to do with cannibalism and abominable things allegedly going on in such camps. “Nigeria security agencies and government of Imo State created these criminals thinking they can demonise IPOB and ESN members but unfortunately they turned against innocent members of the society. “Hope Uzodinma, APC and some evil politicians in Imo State are busy trying to eliminate their political opponents with the intent to blame IPOB for such atrocities. But we want the world to know that we have no hands in what is happening in Imo State. “Hope Uzodinma instructed soldiers to go from house to house searching for IPOB members. Many innocent youths including member of IPOB were abducted, and some unaccounted for while many others are still dumped in many detention facilities across the country. “We still call for the release of these victims. Why should innocent Igbo and other Biafra youths be languishing in cells for committing absolutely no crime while Fulani terrorist Herdsmen are roaming free and cause more horrific crimes?” IPOB also warned its members against falling prey to the hands of swindlers who were into purported fundraising for the detained leader, Nnamdi Kanu.   Source Secessionist group, The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Monday, accused Imo state Governor, Hope Uzodinma of joining forces with security operatives and Ebubeagu to kill innocent residents. IPOB’s spokesman, Emma Powerful, claimed that Uzodinma, alongside the All Progressives Congress, APC, security agents and Ebubeagu, has turned Imo State into… In "News" •Nnamdi Kanu, IPOB leader The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has absolved itself and the Eastern Security Network (ESN) of killing six children in Anambra State. The group described the news making the rounds linking it with the purported killing as ridiculous. In a statement made available to journalists in… In "News" •Nnamdi Kanu, IPOB leader The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has absolved itself and the Eastern Security Network (ESN) of killing six children in Anambra State. The group described the news making the rounds linking it with the purported killing as ridiculous. In a statement made available to journalists in… In "News"