By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Minister of Transportation, Rt.Hon Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi  has said that the contractors for the Lekki Deep Seaport Project should speed up work to enable the government approve all the necessary processes before the next election. Amaechi said this while inspecting the ongoing construction of the Lekki Deep Seaport Project on Saturday in Lagos. He however,  commend them for the progress of work done so far stating that in less than 5 months alot of Civil work has been done. “I want to congratulate you for the very huge progress, by the time we came here, there was no Civil works,  it was just pure sand , you have tried. ” I am suggesting that if you work day and night you would have gone far and complete the work before commissioning, if the President see it, approval will be easier. ” You need to speed up the work, so we can get approval from the government side before election, process of election will be completed in July because by law, six months to election people start politics,  if you wait till that time, you won’t meet anyone in the office. “If you can assure me that by July you have finished the buildings, get the crane then we can commission it, he said. Amaechi, however said that the port should be automated to avoid all form of physical contact. The Minister of Transportation, Mr Chibuike Amaechi, has urged contractors of the Lekki Deep Seaport Project to speed up work to enable government approve all the necessary processes before next election. Amaechi made this known in a statement on Saturday while inspecting the ongoing construction of the Lekki Deep Seaport… In "Business" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi has disclosed that the Lagos Ibadan rail line requires additional funding to enable the construction of over 16 bridges across or under the existing road network in Lagos into Apapa in order to be able to take… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Minister of Transportation, Rt Hon Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi has hailed President Muhammadu Buhari’s strides in the transportation sector as key to unlocking Nigeria’s economic development potentials. Amaechi said, linking different transportation infrastructure like rails to seaports and roads as is being done by… In "News"