President Muhammadu Buhari’s aide, Femi Adesina has described his principal is not a bully but a strict man with a kind heart.  Adesina, in his weekly article, ‘Fridays With Adesina’ dismissed insinuations that the president is wicked and has no good plan for the nation, claiming Buhari is kind to both the living and the dead. According to the presidential spokesman, Nigerians who destructively criticize the president are ignorant of his personality. He said the President’s kind heart is why some of them could not abandon him even in the face of crisis. Let us not be quick to condemn what or who we don’t know or understand. President Buhari is strict, unbending on certain issues. But wicked? Not so. In the days of Gen Murtala Ramat Muhammed as head of state, one senior military officer described him as a bully, “a kind-hearted bully.” Same with Buhari. Not a bully, but a strict man with a kind heart. A man who does not forget to show kindness to both the living and the dead. You now see why some of us have chosen to follow the President through thick and thin? “Blessed be he of the Lord, who has not left off his kindness to the living and the dead.”  Source ABUJA - The Presidential Spokesman, Mr Femi Adesina, on Wednesday said President Muhammadu Buhari should not be misrepresented in the statement that he made about his age and his previous job as a military governor. This is contained in a news release he issued in Abuja to correct the impression… In "News" A presidential aide has shared an insight into how Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari welcomed a clergy man tagged 'a total idiot' to Aso Rock. While trying to show that his principal is not a religious bigot, Femi Adesina, the Special Adviser to President Muhammadu Buhari on Media and Publicity, said… In "News" Femi Adesina, The Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, has disclosed that President Muhammadu Buhari is a very generous man. Adesina said Buhari on one occasion handed him an envelope filled with foreign currency and also sponsored his family on a trip to the South-East when he… In "News"