Akwa Ibom State Steering Committee of the Tinubu Support Group on Sunday tackled the Peoples’ Democratic Party stalwart, Bode George, saying his comment on the presidential declaration of the national leader of the All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, is an indication that he (George) is a primitive critic still living in the ancient days.  George had, in a chat with The PUNCH last week, described Tinubu’s decision to run for the presidency as a “huge joke.” “This so-called ambition must be a huge joke. The Presidency of Nigeria is not for characters like Bola Tinubu. Look at how he mismanaged the resources of Lagos State. It is surprising that he can even dream of becoming the President of Nigeria. He is living in cuckoo land,” said George. But fielding questions from newsmen after a media briefing in Uyo, the Coordinator of TSG in the state, Hon Ifiok Inyang, said though the constitution recognises freedom of expression, George has flagrantly abused it by insulting someone like Tinubu whose pedigree is being celebrated across the political divide of the country. According to him, “Bode George is entitled to his opinion and we have freedom of expression. So, if he says Tinubu, who is being celebrated across the political divide of this country, made a declaration that is a huge joke, it, therefore, means that he is still living in the ancient days, not the world of today.” He described Tinubu’s declaration as the “greatest political news of the year, adding that it has ignited a spark that triggered two APC members to also declare their interest in the presidential race. He added, “It came strong and powerful, reverberating across the entire direction of our national political landscape. It stirred the somewhat somnolent political space of activities in the land into a frenzy. “Shortly after it broke, it ignited a spark that compelled at least two other top members of our party, the APC, to also declare interest in running for the office as president of our motherland. The days head will be interesting to witness.” Inyang said no Nigerian should make no mistake about Tinubu’s presidential aspiration, adding that by declaring his intentions, he was responding to the yearnings of Nigerians to step into the nation’s political “cockpit” and fly the country above its current socio-economic and political issues, above insecurity and above underdevelopment into a destiny of a contended citizenry.  Source Chief Ayo Adebanjo, leader of Pan-Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere, on Tuesday, said his group won’t back any candidate for President in the 2023 general election until the current 1999 constitution is changed to reflect true federalism and regional autonomy. The 93-year-old statesman also said there is no big deal in… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Lagos State All Progressives Congress (APC) on Monday warned the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) chieftain, Commodore Bode George, to desist from fabricating lies against Asiwaju Bola Tinubu. The party wondered why George could support the Mr Kola Abiola’s lie that Tinubu begged the… In "Top Stories" Chief Bode George, a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party in Lagos State has lambasted Former governor of Lagos state and APC National leader of the All Progressive Congress, Bola Tinubu. George claimed that the affairs of Lagos State started going in the wrong direction since Tinubu took control of… In "News"