Controversial socialite and nightlife connoisseur, Mike Eze Nwalie Nwogu aka Pretty Mike revealed that people are willing to pay for him to pull stunts at their parties.  The entertainer, who has gone viral severally for attending parties in weird manners, made this revelation at a recent event in Lagos. Mike, an actor and nightclub owner, is one of the celebrities people look out for at top events in Nigeria for his controversial entry. “I do have friends that tell me to come and pull stunts at their wedding, some people even want to pay me for it. “It’s not something I just generate, I don’t repeat stunts. For example, as I’m talking to you now, I don’t have any stunts coming up in my head but it doesn’t mean something won’t come up next week. “I only do stunts at my very close friends’ parties, that’s what people need to understand. If you’re not my very close friend, I will not pull a stunt at your party because I hear people on social media say if he does that at my party I will throw him out, I’m not even coming to your party,” Pretty Mike said. He also added that pulling up at parties in weird ways is his pet project. “It’s like a pet project for me just as some people like to feed the poor, I like what I do.” A former Big Brother Naija contestant, Nina Ivy, shocked many of her followers when photos and videos of a private traditional wedding between her and a yet-to-be-identified man went viral on the Internet. In an interview with Sunday Scoop, the fashion entrepreneur insisted that she would not reveal the identity… In "Metro" America-based Nigerian controversial soft-porn star, Judith Mazagwu, popularly known as Afrocandy, has been in the country for a while now. The mother of two girls is in the country to put finishing touches to her new film, Queen of Zamunda. She spoke with Vanguard's Juliet Ebirim and Iyabo Aina In… In "Style" During the week, rap artiste, Sky B, was reported to have died in Owerri, Imo State. Sky B, who has been in the music industry since 2007, was allegedly found unconscious at his residence. According to multiple reports, he was later pronounced dead at the Federal Medical Centre, Owerri. The… In "Entertainment"