…. Hails South East PDP for massive attendance By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Group under the auspices of Anyim4Nigeria Movement has commended former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Senator Anyim Pius Anyim for his bold declaration to run for the office of President in the 2023 general election. This is also as it has hailed the South East zonal members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for their massive and active participation during Sen. Anyim’s briefing and consultation Session with the party stakeholders in Enugu yesterday. The Group stated that it takes a man of courage, unifier, rich experience, capacity and competence to provide the much needed leadership to offer to serve at a time when the country has been so battered and disunited, hopes of citizens diminished, poverty and insecurity ravaging the land. Anyim4Nigeria Movement disclosed this on Friday in a statement signed by Dr. Laz Ude Eze made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja. The Group said it aligned itself with the resolution of the South East Zone under the able leadership of Chief Ali Odefa (Odezuligbo 1) that the presidential ticket of PDP be zoned to the South East in the spirit of equity, fairness and justice   “We also thanked many leaders of the party in the zone who attended namely, Sen. Enyinnaya Abaribe, Chief Eze Duruiheoma SAN, Sen. Theodore Orji, Iyom Josephine Anenih, Sen. Chukwuka Utazi, Sen. Obinna Ogba, Hon. Linus Abaa Okorie, among others. According to the statement, “Senator Anyim’s speech at the event was very presidential, inspired hope and left no one in doubt of his seriousness, readiness and capacity to lead PDP to victory in 2023, if given the ticket. “As a movement, we are very committed to continue to support every step being taken by Sen. Anyim to win the PDP presidential ticket and the presidential election in 2023 election so as to rescue, reunite, rebuild, reposition and restore hope in Nigeria. Our members turned out in their numbers and showed a strong physical presence at the briefing. We enjoin all Nigerians to support this noble project. Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Today, 6th January, 2022, His Excellency Senator Pius Anyim Pius, met with us the Zonal and State Executives of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) as well as selected political leaders and elders from across Abia, Anambra, Ebonyi, Enugu and Imo States, making up the five states… In "Top Stories" •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim Former Senate President, Anyim Pius Anyim, is intensifying his efforts to secure the buy-in of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) stakeholders in his aspiration to fly the party's flag in the 2023 presidential election. The former Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) declared his… In "Politics" Abuja - Chief Pius Anyim, a former Senate President, has said that he will contest for the Presidency in 2023 whether the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) zoned it to the South-East zone or not. Anyim made the declaration on Saturday in Abuja on the sideline of the on going PDP… In "Top Stories"