Mr Abiodun Alabi yesterday took over from Hakeem Odumosu as Commissioner of Police Lagos State Command.  Odumosu was recently promoted to the rank of Assistant Inspector-General of Police (AIG). At the short ceremony at the Command headquarters in Ikeja, Odumosu presented handover notes to Alabi. In a chat with reporters, CP Alabi thanked the Inspector-General of Police (IGP) Usman Alkali Baba, the Chairman and the Commissioners of Police Service Commission for considering him capable and fit to be deployed to Lagos State as the CP. “While saluting his uncommon feat in policing the state, I will anchor on the law enforcement infrastructure he established, consolidate on them and emplace the necessary strategies at ensuring that Lagos State meets our security aspirations and yearnings as a people,” he said. According to him, visibility policing and dominance of security space by ensuring the presence of policemen at all times to deter criminals as a preventive measure and ensure that Rapid Response Squad (RRS) would be encouraged and strengthened to respond promptly and effectively to citizens’ concerns. for fundamental human rights. We will ensure that no breach of human rights is tolerated under my command and watch. Also yesterday, operatives of the Lagos Rapid Response Squad (RRS), led by its Commander, Olayinka Egbeyemi, a Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) yesterday arrested Treasurer of the Lagos State Council of the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW), Alhaji Mustapha Adekunle (aka Sego) and Lagos Island ‘B’ branch Chairman Alhaji Abdulazeez Adekunle Lawal (aka Kunle Poly) over the Thursday clash among the factional union members in Idumota, Lagos Island. RRS said the duo were the two principal suspects in the constant clashes in Idumota and its environs which have intermittently crippled commercial activities in the area. The operatives said Kunle Poly and Sego have been transferred to Zone II, Onikan. Chairman of NURTW Lagos State Council Alhaji Musiliu Akinsanya (aka MC Oluomo) described the action as a welcome development in resolving the crisis. “We need to allow the police to do their job without intervening in it. Their investigation would unravel the truth behind the intermittent clashes and bring it to an end,” Akinsanya said.    Source Abiodun Alabi has been appointed as the new Lagos State Commissioner of Police. The appointment was made by the Inspector-General of Police, Alkali Usman Baba. Alabi will take over the leadership of the state Police Command from the immediate past commissioner, Hakeem Odumosu, on January 24, 2022. Alabi was the… In "News" The Lagos State House of Assembly has honoured the outgoing Commissioner of Police, Mr Hakeem Odumosu, who is due for retirement in January 2022. The Speaker of the House, Mudashiru Obasa, made this known when the Commissioner of Police led a team of officers to the Assembly during plenary in… In "News" By Oladapo Udom Lagos - The new Commissioner of Police, Lagos State, CP Hakeem Odumosu has said that managing the menace of traffic in the metropolis would be his top priority. Odumosu disclosed this during a press briefing Monday in Ikeja. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Odumosu took… In "News"