ONITSHA – Barely seven days after the fire incident that burnt 400 corpses into ashes at the mortuary of General Hospital, Onitsha in Anambra State, over 150 families who were at the morgue to receive the bodies for burial were still stranded and confused as of Friday, re­questing that their relations’ bodies must be released as deposited, showing receipts issued by the hospital man­agement. They also alleged that the morticians set the bodies ablaze after they had removed the private parts for sale. They appealed to the gov­ernment to unravel the mys­tery behind the incident. Our correspondent who visited the morgue observed that heaps of corpses were laid outside the premises, not minding the health hazards it could also cause to both the pa­tients and their visitors as the burnt corpses looked unkempt outside the morgue. The morticians, who have been hostile and aggressive re­fused to give reasons why the heaps of those bodies were left there despite that patients were seen waiting for their turn for treatments on their respective beds in the hospital. One of the most devastating scenarios was a widow simply known as Mrs Okorie, who was shouting and wailing at the lob­by of the morgue. She claimed that she deposited her dead son at the morgue two months ago but on her arrival to pick up the corpse, it has been burnt beyond recognition. Mrs Okorie, who accused the morticians of selling the private parts of dead bodies and set them ablaze, wondered why no punishment has been offered to the morticians to explain how the incident took place. She called on the govern­ment at all levels to look into the ugly situation and penal­ise whoever masterminded the act. According to her, the claim that it was the ghosts that set the morgue ablaze was an unfounded lie and “is a taboo and offense to both God and humanity.” It was, however, gathered that since the date of the inci­dent, none of the affected fam­ilies have been able to go home with their corpses. Some came with vehicles to convey the corpses but had to turn back when they discovered that the bodies have been burnt to ashes. One of the family elders who spoke to newsmen out­side the hospital, Nze Muonye Ikeli called on the government to set up a panel of inquiry and console those families who own the 400 corpses. It could be recalled that such an incident has occurred at Enugwu General Hospital and up till now, the reason be­hind the mystery has not been unraveled. (Saturday Independent) Before now, bereaved families always looked forward to burying their dead for them to rest in peace. This solemn rite appears to have eluded families in states under lockdown as most of the corpses in the mortuaries cannot be buried. Thus, this is not the best of time for families… In "News" The corpses of the Managing Director, Fourscore Heights Limited, Mr Femi Osibona, and his friend, a United States of America-based Nigerian businessman, Wale Bob-Oseni, have been recovered from the 21-storey building that collapsed on Gerrard Road in the Ikoyi area of Lagos State. PUNCH Metro learnt that their bodies were… In "News" According to The PUNCH, the management of Mainland Hospital, Lagos, has said it cannot release the bodies of #EndSARS protesters. The hospital says it has received a directive from the state Ministry of Health not to release corpses of suspected #ENDSARS protesters. Our correspondent visited the Mainland Hospital after the… In "News"