Operatives of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency have arrested three trans-border drug traffickers while they were trying to smuggle 48,000 tablets of 225mg Tramadol through Mubi, Adamawa State, to Cameroon Republic.  The NDLEA also said over 1,500 kilograms of imported Loud and other illicit substances have been intercepted in raids across Lagos and Edo states. Director, Media and Advocacy, NDLEA Headquarters, Abuja, Femi Babafemi, disclosed this in a statement on Sunday. Babafemi, in the statement, said the suspects, Mohammed Hussaini, 32; Adamu Bella, 18, and Mohammed Umar, 18, were arrested at Tsamiya Junction, Madanya Road, Mubi, Mubi North LGA, Adamawa State on Friday, January 28, with the exhibits concealed in the packets of another drug. He said, “When interviewed, they claimed the drugs were being taken to Bagira town along Nigeria-Cameroon border to be delivered to some Cameroonians for onward delivery to Maroa in Cameroon. “This comes on the heels of a similar operation at Alaba Rago area of Lagos where operatives of the state command of the Agency intercepted 1,200 parcels of imported Loud, a strong variant of cannabis suspected to have been smuggled into the state from a neighbouring country with a total weight of 1,229 kilograms. “In another raid on Wednesday 26th Jan, at Suru Alaba, Ajeromi-Ifelodun LGA, Lagos, operatives arrested one Ibrahim Musa, 25, with 18,530 tablets of Tramadol, Rohynol, Diazepam, Exol-5, and 138 bottles of Codeine. “At the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, MMIA, Ikeja Lagos, operatives at the SAHCO export shed of the airport during their routine cargo search intercepted a consignment of 22 international passports of six different countries concealed in a bag of Gari among other food items. “Nine of the passports were three each of UK, France and Portugal, while the rest were: Nigeria -8; Ghana -4 and Cameroon -1. Also at the airport, operatives equally recovered 12 parcels of cannabis weighing 4.95kg concealed in a carton of Golden Morn packaged for export through the SAHCO export shed. Operatives of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency have arrested a Brazil-based drug dealer, Okafor Okwudili Moses, over 2.55 kilograms of cocaine recovered from a toilet at the E-Arrival hall of the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, MMIA, Ikeja Lagos. Director, Media and Advocacy, NDLEA Headquarters, Abuja, Femi Babafemi, in a… In "News" A major Anambra illicit drug kingpin, Okeke Chijioke, 44, has been arrested by operatives of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA). He was caught with 548,000 tablets of Tramadol branded as Tarkadol stored in his warehouse at 3 Atunya street, Maryland estate, Nkwelle, Oyi local government area Anambra State.… In "News" The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has recovered 548,000 tramadol tablets branded as “Tarkadol” at Nkwelle, Oyi Local Government Area, Anambra State. Its Director, Media and Advocacy, Mr Femi Babafemi, said this in a statement made available to News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Abuja. Babafemi said… In "News"