 The crate depot of the International Brewery, Ilesa, Osun, was on Friday evening gutted by fire, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. The combined officers of the Osun and Federal Fire Service are currently battling to put out the fire. Mr Ibrahim Adekunle, the Spokesperson of Osun Fire Service, told NAN on Saturday in Osogbo that the fire happened at the crate depot of the brewery and not the main plant. Adekunle said several empty crates, pallets and bottles were destroyed in the fire incident, adding that his men are still battling to totally subdue the fire as flammable objects involved are aiding the inferno. “The fire broke out around 6.00p.m on Friday and our men promptly responded to the distress call to subdue and prevented the fire from spreading to other places. “Fire fighters from the Osun State Fire Service and those of the Federal Fire Service were immediately deployed to the scene and they are still there. “The place affected is a vest expanse of land the brewery uses as depot for storing bottles and crates and no human life was affected. “As of this morning (Saturday), we are still at the scene trying to completely subdue the fire and this is due to inflammable items at the crate depot. “We have, however, been able to control and restrict the fire from spreading,” he said. Adekunle, who noted that a comprehensive investigation into the cause of the fire incident would be done later, said bush burning around the area might be the likely cause of the fire incident. (NAN) By Dorcas Elusogbon   Ilesa    -        The Federal Radio Corporation of Nigeria Gold FM (FRCN), Ilesa, has been gutted by fire, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. The incident which started at about 5 pm on Saturday destroyed equipment worth millions of naira. According to… In "News" By Olajide Idowu Osogbo - The Osun Fire and Rescue Services on Wednesday said it recorded 137 fire outbreaks in the state between January and December, 2018. Mr Adekunle Ibrahim, the Staff Officer for the Service, made the disclosure in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in… In "News" By Olajide Idowu Osogbo -  Mr Adekunle Ibrahim, Staff Officer, Osun Fire Service, said a total of 59 fire incidents were recorded in the state between March and November, this year. Ibrahim disclosed this during an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Osogbo. According to… In "News"