Residents of Magodo Phase II Estate in Lagos are protesting the presence of over 50 armed policemen in their estate.  The management early Tuesday shut the two gates leading into the estate. The closure led to the disruption of vehicular movement. People were allowed to exit the estate but were restricted from entering. Residents bore placards to express their displeasure. They queried the presence of the policemen who were said to have been in the estate since last month. Some of the inscriptions read: “Lagos Attorney-General prosecute those involved in the illegal invasion of Magodo Phase 2 you promised”, “Magodo Phase 2 has been under siege of the IGP’s anti-riot police squad for three weeks”. Speaking with our correspondent, the Chairman of Magodo Residents’ Association, Bajo Osinubi, said: “We called our people out to protest this morning. “Over 50 policemen are living within the estate. We want the police out of our estate. “There is no cases of kidnapping, rioting, but why are they still here? We want them out of our estate.  Source BY OLAWALE OLALEYE •Lagos State Police Commissioner Hakeem Odumosu •Magodo Brooks Estate There was a mild drama, and one which typified the Nigerian story yesterday at Magodo Brooks, an estate situated on CMD road, Ikosi, part of Kosofe Local Government. The Lagos State Commissioner of Police, Mr. Hakeem Odumosu, had… In "Social Media Feeds" Policemen attached to the Assistant Inspector General of Police (AIG) Zone II, Onikan on Monday shot a man while attempting to disperse a mob at Magodo in Isheri-Olowora, Lagos. The incident occurred around 5pm, while the policemen went to the area to enforce a court order. It was gathered that… In "Metro" Landlords and residents of Magodo area of Lagos metropolis are currently stranded as policemen have taken over the estate to execute a Supreme Court judgment on behalf of the landowners. The Nation reports that at about 4am on Wednesday, the gate of Shangisha Estate, off CMD Road, was locked. Nobody… In "News"