The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) has reacted to the Proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB’s ban on the consumption of ‘Fulani cows’ (beef) in South-East, calling for a total boycott of all businesses operated by the Igbo all over the North. CNG through its Spokesperson, Abdul-Azeez Suleiman, said that IPOB’s order issued in a statement on Monday by one Emma Powerful, amounted to a grave provocation and serious threat to northern commercial interests in the South East and by extension, to the physical wellbeing of Northerners living as minorities among Igbo communities. In a renewed resolve to pay a coin for a coin, for any direct or indirect attack or threat to Northerners and their interests anywhere in the country, the CNG called for the total boycott of all businesses, goods and services operated by Igbo in the North effective from the same April 2022. The CNG also called on northerners everywhere to decline support for any political party or formation or movement that has the active participation of South-East politicians. ALSO READ: Buhari: Nnamdi Kanu’s case beyond ordinary political issue ― Ogbonna “For the avoidance of doubt, the North while maintaining its tradition of tolerance and accommodation, shall however no longer be disposed to condoning further acts of irresponsibility in the form of deliberate threats of intimidation or harassment targeted at Northerners living and doing legitimate businesses elsewhere in the country. “Since such targeted utterances have in the past being preludes to physical attacks on northerners and destruction of their properties in particularly the South East, we urge northern transporters and suppliers of goods to consider alternative trade routes to avoid the imminent risks that come with this IPOB threat. “We warm that the North has had enough of the antagonism from the South East and its attack dog, the IPOB and will no longer remain passive under such deliberate and sustained attacks and will henceforth be forced to react to every provocation and unwarranted abuse and violations. “All those who have no other useful vocation other than attacking northerners under the slightest of pretexts should know that our patience has reached its nadir. “The North’s reticence in speaking out or taking action is not born of fear or ignorance of how to respond in kind,” Suleiman said. Pan-Arewa socio-political organisations, under the aegis the Coalition of Northern Groups, on Sunday faulted the comment by the Ohanaeze Ndigbo against the Igbo secession plot for an independent Republic of Biafra, describing it as a hypocritical attempt to fool the nation. While reminding Ohanaeze that the Igbo “can only fool… In "Features" The Coalition of Northern Group (CNG) has said northerners will hold President Muhammadu Buhari and his government responsible should any one of them fall victim of the consequences of the concerns they raised about the safety of Fulani herdsmen in the southern part of the country. Spokesman of the group,… In "News" ....Groups kick against ban on open-grazing ..... South’s Reps back governors Abuja (Sundiata Post) - North’s elders and interest groups slammed the 17 southern governors on Tuesday for demanding power shift to the South in 2023. The Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) said the North would not accept the imposition… In "Top Stories"