Taraba state police command has confirmed the destruction of St. John’s Catholic College Chapel by fleeing kidnappers in Mutumbiyu, Gassol Local government area of Taraba state. Spokesman of the Command, DSP Abdullahi Usman who spoke to Vanguard via telephone said, the incident happened Sunday night. He said the gunmen were on a mission to abduct the owner of a filling station who managed to escape. According to him, “In order to escape, they (Kidnappers) started shooting into the air to scare off people which led to the injury of some persons. “They also threw a dynamite into the Catholic chapel of the college which destroyed some parts of it.” Confirming the incident to Vanguard via telephone, Principal of St. John’s College, Mutumbiyu, Rev. Fr. Emmanuel Ikyaan, said he was at the residence of the Priests when he and others heard the explosion. “This is the first time we are experiencing something like this. “I was at the priest’s residence not too far from the school premises when we heard the explosion late Sunday evening. “We are grateful that no one was injured and no life was lost. “Some parts of the chapel which also serves as a hall was however destroyed,” he said. Following the rescue of Auxiliary Bishop of Owerri Archdiocese, Moses Chikwe, his abductors and those behind his kidnapping have been arrested. This was revealed by the Imo State Police Command. The state Police Public Relations Officer, Orlando Ikeokwu, confirmed this to journalists in Owerri. According to Vanguard, he mentioned that… In "News" By Chukwuemeka Opara Abakaliki -  The Ebonyi Police Command has rescued a Catholic priest, Rev. Fr. Timothy Nwanja, abducted by gunmen in Okpokueze Nkomoro community, Imoha Development Centre of Ezza North Local Government Area. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the priest, who serves at St. Mary’s Parish… In "News" It has been revealed that the army captain who ordered the killing of three IRT officers had 191 phone chats with the notorious kidnapper they freed.   The Nigerian Army Captain who allegedly ordered soldiers on security check-point along the Ibi-Jalingo Expressway in Taraba State, to attack and kill police operatives… In "Metro"