The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has said that the deceased Muslim Scholar and Imam, Dr Ahmad Ibrahim, will be remembered for his impeccable service to Islam and the nation, as well as his passion towards public enlightenment.  Buhari’s eulogy is contained in a statement signed on Friday by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, titled, ‘President Buhari mourns spiritual leader, Dr Ahmad Ibrahim.’ According to Buhari’s message, “It is really sad news for all of us to learn that our beloved Dr Ahmad is no more. He was a personality of faith, who dedicated his life to Islamic education. “His emphasis on the unity of Muslims, good education and the rights of women will always be remembered. We offer our heartfelt condolences and pray for the eternal repose of his soul.” He said the news of Ibrahim’s death sent shock and gloomy waves across and beyond the community in Bayero University, Kano, where he taught and led Muslims in prayer for more than 30 years before setting up the Islamic Center “Darul Hadith,” meaning the home of prophetic traditions. The President also recalled that the late Imam authored several books in his lifetime, among the latest being his translation of the more than 1,000-year-old “Muwatta Malik,” a 1173-page book into Hausa, at which presentation he (President Buhari) was represented. He, therefore, conveyed the nation’s condolences to the bereaved family, the Bayero University community and to his countless students and followers in Kano and in West Africa.  Source Zaria - The Sultan of Sokoto, Dr Sa’ad Abubakar, has urged Nigerians, to support and rally round President Muhammadu Buhari in his task of building a virile nation. The Sultan made the call at the 22nd Annual Ummah Convention 2016 organised by the National Islamic Centre (NIC), Zaria, Kaduna State,… In "News" By Habibu Harisu Sokoto - An Islamic Scholar, Dr Atiku Balarabe-Zawiyya, has urged Muslim clerics to always promote religious tolerance and refrain from spreding divisive ideologies that bred religious misunderstandings. Balarabe-Zawiyya made the call on Sunday in Sokoto at the Annual Lecture and Maulud to commemorate the life of reknown… In "News" A popular Islamic group identified as Jama’atu Nasril Islam (JNI), have been accused by Catholic Bishop Matthew Kukah of Sokoto Diocese of inciting violence against him. Recall that the Islamic group had accused Kukah of “firing a poisoned arrow at the heart of Islam and Muslims in Nigeria” after his… In "News"