Two stalwarts of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Enugu State were on Tuesday evening gruesomely murdered during the invasion and attack of the party’s meeting in Enugu South LGA by gunmen.  The gunmen also abducted another chieftain of the party while others sustained bullet wounds. The Nation learnt the deceased and others were having a reconciliation meeting at the party office at Ward III Obeagu Awkunanaw, Enugu South Local Government Area when the gunmen struck. Numbering over seven, the gunmen were said to have stormed the venue of the meeting, killing the two instantly while whisking away one other person. The incident, it was gathered, had thrown the state chapter of the APC into mourning. A source at the meeting told newsmen that the meeting was called to reconcile the two factions of the party in the ward as part of the ongoing efforts to unite all members of the party in the State. “The meeting was underway when these men invaded the place and shot and killed the immediate past Enugu South local government chairman of the party. “Ezeoha was also elected as the incumbent state youth leader in one of the factions of the party. One other person I don’t know his name was equally killed instantly. “Hon. Monday Ogbonna (Okwadike), a factional chairman of the party in our area was kidnapped. “One person is lying critically wounded at the hospital and we don’t know his fate,” the source said. Efforts to speak with Enugu Police spokesman Daniel Ndukwe on the development were unsuccessful as his phone line was not reachable.  Source Enugu -   The Police Command in Enugu State on Tuesday sealed the Enugu office of the All Progressives Congress (APC) following ongoing leadership tussle between the two factions of the party. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) correspondent who visited the office reports that a police squad led by… In "Politics" Abuja - The military on Monday began an operation in the South-East as part of efforts to address rising insecurity in the region. The Army indicated this at a press conference in Awka, the Anambra State capital as soldiers and policemen paraded the streets of Owerri, the Imo State capital,… In "Top Stories" A seething anger is spreading within the ranks of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in the South-east zone following the poor performance of the party. A highly placed chieftain of APC in the South-east, who prefers not to be named told THISDAY that “we are thoroughly disappointed” at the… In "Politics"