Lawyers representing the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, arrived court early on Wednesday morning set for battle over the fresh charges brought against him by the Federal Government.  The Federal Government had filed fresh terrorism charges against Kanu before the Federal High Court on Monday. Consequently, the initial seven counts bordering on treasonable felony and terrorism, against him, increased to 15. But during his trial which held on Tuesday amidst heavy security presence, Kanu objected to the fresh charges. This forced the court to adjourn to reconvene today, Wednesday, January 19, for him to take his plea. “We are in court. We are waiting for the judge to commence today,” a member of the legal team told News Express. Among those sighted in court were the new leader of the legal team, Mike Ozekhome (SAN), one of the lead counsel, Ifeanyi Ejiofor, and the legal representative of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, veteran lawyer Chief Goddy Uwazurike. Kanu was yet to be brought to court as at the time of filing this report.   NewsExpress •Chief Mike Ozekhome, SAN ABUJA - Constitutional lawyer and human rights activist, Chief Mike Ozekhome, SAN, has been drafted into the legal team of Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB).This is as the case comes up today, Tuesday at the Federal High Court, Abuja amid… In "Top Stories" Ifeanyi Ejiofor, lead counsel to the embattled leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu, has asked the Federal Government and others to expect “legal fireworks” on Thursday. He also said the IPOB legal team is “eminently prepared”.He said this while reacting to the amended charges by the Federal… In "Features" Ahead of Thursday's trial, the federal government has amended charges against leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu. According to his lawyer, the amended charges were served to his team on Thursday. Lead counsel to Kanu, Ifeanyi Ejiofor disclosed this in a statement he signed and issued last… In "News"