The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), on Monday, nullified the ward delegate congresses it conducted in Ekiti State on January 15. The party has also disclosed that it will use the statutory/automatic delegate list to conduct its governorship primary election scheduled to hold this week in the state. This was part of the resolutions reached by the National Working Committee (NWC) of the party over Ekiti state election matters on Monday in Abuja. Addressing newsmen shortly after an emergency meeting to deliberate on the reports of the Special Committee and that of Appeal Panel, the National Chairman of the party, Senator Iyorchia Ayu, disclosed the position of the party on Ekiti state primary election. The resolutions of the party said: “That all parties and stakeholders have agreed to abide by the decision of the party in all matters relating to all issues concerning the position of the party in Ekiti state. “That the three-man ad hoc ward delegate congresses in Ekiti state held on 15th January, 2022 is hereby nullified. “That the party’s governorship primary election shall be conducted using the statutory/automatic delegate list. “That all pending court cases in all matters relating to the congresses in Ekiti state must be withdrawn herewith. “That any person defiant to the decision to withdraw all pending court cases which contradicts the provisions of the party’s Constitution shall be referred to the disciplinary committee of the party. “That the party assures all aspirants, stakeholders and party faithful of a free, fair, transparent and credible governorship primary election in Ekiti state.” The All Progressives Congress on Sunday vowed to punish its members who organised parallel ward congresses on Saturday contrary to its directive. The Secretary of the Caretaker/ Extraordinary National Convention Planning Committee of the APC, Senator John Akpanudoedehe, who stated this in an interview with one of our correspondents in… In "Top Stories" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja -  No fewer than 2,132 delegates of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) will participate in Tuesday’s governorship primary election for the July 14 election in Ekiti. The National Publicity Secretary of the party, Mr Kola Ologbondiyan, made this known when he briefed newsmen on preparations for… In "Politics" Lagos- Alhaji Adamu Waziri, the Chairman of the PDP-reconstituted panel for Lagos State Ward Congresses on Tuesday described the conduct of the congress as a ``huge success''. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the National Working Committee of the party had earlier announced the cancellation of the congress… In "News"