Chairman of Akwanga Local Government Council in Nasarawa State Hon Emmanuel Leweh is dead.  Sources close to the family informed he was admitted after he slumped on Monday 10th January 2022 in his office at the council Secretariat, Akwanga. The chairman was said to have slumped shortly after addressing senior staff of the council with a promise to work with them for the development of the local government. Leweh, who is barely three months in office, died at a private hospital in Abuja where he was receiving treatment. Chairman of Akwanga Local Government Council in Nasarawa State Hon Emmanuel Leweh is dead. Sources close to the family informed he was admitted after he slumped on Monday 10th January 2022 in his office at the council Secretariat, Akwanga. The chairman was said to have slumped shortly after addressing senior staff of the council with a promise to work with them for the development of the local government. Leweh, who is barely three months in office, died at a private hospital in Abuja where he was receiving treatment.  He was confirmed death shortly after Governor Abdullahi Sule and his Deputy, Dr Emmanuel Akabe, visited him at the hospital in Abuja He took oath of office in October 2021 for a tenure of three years and was yet to constitute his cabinet. Nasarawa Assemblymember representing Akwanga south, who is the younger brother to the late chairman, Samuel Tsebe, confirmed the incident. ” I lost my elder brother (Hon Emmanuel Joseph Leweh, Executive Chairman of Akwanga LGA) to the cold hand of Death this evening after a brief illness.”  Source AKWANGA - Members of  the  Akwanga Chapter of the Nigeria Union of Teachers (NUT)  in Nasarawa State on Thursday  locked up the offices of the  chairman and secretary of the Akwanga Local Government Council. The teachers staged a protest over non-release of their bio-data capturing forms by the Council Chairman,… In "News" Umuahia - The Transition Committee Chairman of Arochukwu Local Government Area of Abia, Mr Onyekachi Okoro, is dead, a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the area has confirmed.Okoro was said to have slumped at a private residence in Umuahia around 1pm on Thursday and died before he… In "Top Stories" By Mohammed Baba Busu Lafia - Mr Dandaura Tsentse-Nehemiah, the Deputy Speaker, Nasarawa State House of Assembly, has called on the people of the state to support the sincere efforts of Gov. Abdullahi Sule to move the state to greater heights. According to him, no meaningful development can take place… In "Politics"