Nigerian music star Wizkid’s manager and baby mama, Jada Pollock has recounted how she met the singer. She made this known while answering questions from fans on Twitter. “How did you meet Big wiz?” a fan asked. She went to recount how they met during Chris Brown’s tour which branched to Africa. “I was managing Chris Brown at the time & we was on tour. We had an African leg to the tour and Lagos was one of the Territories we had a show. Wiz came out on Chris’ show & the rest is history,” she said. The mother of one also expressed how disappointing it is when people address her as ‘Wizkid’s baby mama’ without recognising all her hard work before they met. “I think about this…It’s so degrading & discriminating when I’m referred to as Wizkid’s 3rd baby mother before addressing me professionally by my name. The credit of my Journey/experience is so underrated. The sad thing is, it’s our own blogs that don’t heighten & uplift each other,” she tweeted. Wizkid and Pollock’s relationships first became public in 2017 after they welcomed their son. Pollock is an entertainment veteran also known as Jada Styles. She’s the head of her consulting business firm. She is responsible for the branding of many affluent and prominent football players for the U.K. The Daily Star and West London Living once referred to her as a highly acclaimed image guru. (Pulse.ng)      By Edward Ojiah Abuja -  The mother of Ayo Balogun’s third child Jada Pollock, has reaffirmed her position as his manager, while dismissing insinuations that she is “Wizkid’s baby mama’’. The music executive made the clarification on her Instagram page. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) Pollock had posted a… In "Entertainment" Nigerian musician, Davido has reacted after Wizkid's babymama and manager, Jada Pollock publicly attacked the singer for allegedly beating and assaulting her. Jada Pollock took to her Instagram page to reveal that she was left with bruises after the assault, adding that they are no longer together. Reacting, Davido rushed… In "Metro" Wizkid third babymama, Jada P has called out the singer and accused him of Domestic Violence in their relationship. Jada has been defending Wizkid for many years from allegations from his other baby mamas, but she had declared that she is tired of defending him. In a post she shared… In "Entertainment"