By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate on Wednesday passed the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency Bill 2022. The passage of the bill followed the consideration of a report by the Committee on Aviation. Chairman of the Committee, Senator Smart Adeyemi (Kogi West), in his presentation, said the bill seeks to repeal Nigerian Airspace Management Agency Act 2010 for the purposes of providing effective air navigation services in Nigeria. He added that the NAMA bill is one of the six Aviation Executive Bills referred to the Committee by the Senate which are related to crucial matters of regulation, training, management, and safety of the Aviation Industry. “The issues that surround the Bill are significant in ensuring safe air travels and are part of efforts at enhancing the health and profitability of the overarching aviation sector and public benefit”, he said. He observed that the Act establishing NAMA came into effect on May 26, 1999, and has been in operation for twenty-two years. He said that the amendments to the NAMA Act 2010 are geared twists aligning the Agency to meet new operational requirements in the industry as stipulated by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO). The Senate on Tuesday passed the Companies and Allied Matters Act Bill. The passage of the Bill titled: “Companies and Allied Matters Act (Repeal and Re-enactment) Bill, 2020” followed its consideration in a Committee of the Whole by the upper chamber. The Bill was sponsored by the Senate Leader, Senator… In "News" Abuja  - The Senate has mandated its committees on aviation and anti-corruption to commence investigation into alleged disbursement of 40 million dollars loan for rehabilitation and development of infrastructure in the aviation industry. The mandate is part of a 15-point recommendation adopted while considering report of the Ad Hoc Committee… In "News" By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - The Senate on Tuesday at the Committee of the Whole passed the Company and Allied Matters Amendment Bill, 2020. The passage of the bill was sequel to consideration of clause-by-clause of the 861 clauses of the bill. The piece of legislation was sponsored by Senate… In "Politics"