According to a report by Daily Trust, the Borno State government on Wednesday said that it would commence the confiscation of seven properties belonging to the United Nations agencies which are domiciled in the state over tax evasion.  The Executive Chairman Borno State Board of Internal Revenue Service (BO-IRS), Mohammed Alkali affirmed this while briefing newsmen in Maiduguri on Wednesday. The affected properties are the World Health Organisation(WHO), World Food Programme(WFP), United Nations High Commission for Refugees(UNHCR), United Nations International Children Emergency Fund(UNICEF), United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs(OCHA), Food and Agricultural Organisation(FAO), and United Nations Development Programme(UNDP) with operations offices in Maiduguri. “It is noteworthy that the aforementioned organisations are generally exempted from payment of tax from their operational funds. They are, however, mandated by law through the provisions of the personal income tax act, CAP P8 Laws of the Federation of Nigeria 2004 to remit to the state government what is known as PAYE ( Pay As You Earn) with Withholding Tax (WHT) for their staff and individuals and enterprise contractors respectively. “But unfortunately, since January 2021, all effort to make them respond positively to the demand proved abortive, thereby forcing BO-IRS to serve them with 30 days notice of seizure of property which is due to lapse on 24th February 2022 as earlier mentioned. “This service will thereafter trigger its enforcement powers by using legitimate means to seize the properties of the agencies involved,” Alkali said. By Nse Anthony-Uko (Sundiata Post) – Nigeria’s Minister of Finance, Mrs. Kemi Adeosun, has advocated that tax malpractices by Multinational Corporations in Nigeria and other developing countries be labelled as ‘foreign corrupt practices’. She made the call at the Platform for Collaboration on Tax (PCT) Conference in New York, which… In "Business" By Rabiu Sani   Maiduguri   -      Gov. Kashim Shettima of Borno has called for proactive measures to mitigate the effects of food insecurity caused by Boko Haram insurgency in the North-East. Shettima made the call while fielding questions from newsmen at the inauguration of farm inputs distribution… In "News" By Rabiu Sani   Maiduguri   -     The Network of Civil Society Organisations, Borno Chapter, has called on the state government to conduct head-count of Persons with Disabilities (PLWD), to fast track implementation of support services to them. Mr Ahmad Shehu, Chairman of the organisation, made the call at a rally… In "News"