Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Today, 6th January, 2022, His Excellency Senator Pius Anyim Pius, met with us the Zonal and State Executives of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) as well as selected political leaders and elders from across Abia, Anambra, Ebonyi, Enugu and Imo States, making up the five states of the South East geo political zone of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. The occasion was a special briefing session by Senator Anyim Pius Anyim. The purpose of the session was to consult the leaders of the geo political zone on his aspiration to contest the 2023 presidency on the platform of the PDP. In addition, it was an opportunity for the Senator to acquaint the leaders thus gathered with the progress and outcomes of his wide- ranging consultations with the leaders of the various sections of the federation, on both his aspiration and the general state of the nation. In the light of the highpoints of the Senator’s briefing, we resolved as follows: We further reiterate that the choice of a South East citizen as presidential candidate of the party in 2023 will guarantee to every Nigerian a sense of equity, justice and inclusion in the management of the affairs of the nation.  In our view, this is the best way of ensuring that we build a nation that leaves no one or group behind. We, therefore, unanimously endorse his aspiration with all conviction and enthusiasm and eagerly commend him to the rest of the nation as a worthy leader who will pilot the affairs of the nation towards greater security, unity and prosperity for all citizens. Signed: H. E. Senator T. A. Orji        Chief Duru-Iheoma SAN Chairman of Session        Session Moderator •Senator Adolphus Wabara (left) and Senator Anyim Pius Anyim at the occasion •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim and Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe at the occasion The 2023 presidential aspiration of former Senator President, Anyim Pius Anyim receivef a major boost on Tuesday as anotherformer president of the Senate, Chief Adolphus Wabara and… In "Top Stories" BY TONY ICHEKU •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim Ahead the 2023 presidential election, aspirants are popping up  from North, South, East and West, a normal for such very significant national election but when the going gets rough, the tough will get going. It is not out of place to predict that… In "Politics" •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim Former Senate President, Anyim Pius Anyim, is intensifying his efforts to secure the buy-in of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) stakeholders in his aspiration to fly the party's flag in the 2023 presidential election. The former Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) declared his… In "Politics"