BY SAM OMATSEYE Perhaps, it was the most star-studded new year prayer in Lagos history. In attendance were two former governors and, of course, the host, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, the BOS of Lagos. Enter the Jagaban, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, the man who started it all 20 years ago, a Muslim who unfurled a Christian tradition. Enter the white-haired Trojan of works, Babatunde Raji Fashola and his wife. Enter Speaker Femi Gbajabiamila. Former deputy governors like Femi Pedro joined the incumbent deputy, Femi Hamzat. Also present was some of the episcopal elite, with Pastor E.A. Adeboye ministering. Gov. Sanwo-Olu morphed into a pastor governor, crooning holy melodies on his knees in his flowing white agbada. It was a time to showcase some gospel singers like Ayan Jesu and Efe Nathan. We saw some read portions of scripture, although it was clear one of them was not familiar with his Bible of miracles. Few states witness this sort of coming to terms of the past with the present, and it is also a testimony to the temperament of the BOS of Lagos. He also looked to the new year, a consequential year to deliver on promises, and start a pivotal one: Fourth Mainland bridge. The rail lines are soon to hoot, and a big rice meal is coming with a big rice mill to dwarf all in the west coast of Africa. •Source: Facebook By Folasade Adeniran Lagos - Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu was one Wednesday sworn in as the 15th Governor of Lagos State. Sanwo-olu was sworn in at 11.15a.m., after his deputy, Dr Obafemi Hamzat was sworn in earlier by the Chief Judge of Lagos, Justice Opeyemi Oke. He arrived the Tafawa Balewa… In "News" By Florence Onuegbu Lagos - In fulfilment of his promises to renew infrastructure in critical sectors, Lagos State Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu is to inaugurate housing, education and road projects as part of activities to mark one year on office. The state Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Mr Gbenga Omotoso, said… In "Politics" By Grace Alegba Lagos - Immediate past Minister of Power, Works and Housing, Mr Babatunde Fashola, on Friday appealed to youths to not just criticise leaders, but also commend them when they achieve progress. Fashola gave the advice during the third GABFEST program organised by a youth group to honor… In "News"