The Independent National Electoral Commission has countered a claim by a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, that Permanent Voters’ Cards have expired.  Tinubu had made the claim while addressing women leaders of the APC who paid him a visit in Abuja, on Tuesday. The former governor of Lagos State also lamented that there had been a decline in the number of eligible voters in recent times. Reacting, Chief Technical Adviser to the Chairman of INEC, Prof Bolade Eyinla, stated that PVCs previously registered remain valid. This is as he advised those who already have PVCs not to bother about registering for another one. “This information is not correct. The PVC issued to all previously registered voters remains valid. This kind of statement will certainly push eligible voters to register more than once thereby creating the problem of double and multiple registrations,” he said as quoted by Daily Trust. Buttressing Eyinla’s point, Chief Press Secretary to the INEC Chairman, Mr Rotimi Lawrence Oyekanmi, pointed out that registering for PVC more than once is an offence under the law. “In fact, double registration is an offence under our laws. Eligible Nigerians are entitled to register only once. Once a name appears on the National Register of Voters, it stays there permanently. “One of the very few instances where a name could be removed from the register is if there’s a strong and verifiable proof that the person bearing the name has died,” Oyekanmi said.  Source The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has warned Bola Tinubu, the national leader of the All Progressives Congress over a false statement he made concerning Permanent Voters’ Cards (PVCs). Tinubu who recently hosted some of his supporters, had said there has been a decline in the number of eligible voters… In "Politics" LAGOS - A national leader of the All Progressives Congress, Sen. Bola Tinubu on Saturday urged the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to display the 2011 voters’ register for Lagos State. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the announcement by the commission that it would distribute 4.8… In "News" By Ishaq Zaki   Gusau   -     The Zamfara Voter Education Committee, said on Tuesday that it had succeeded in getting 52,000 registered voters in the state to collect their Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs). Alhaji Sanusi Rikiji, the Speaker of the state House of Assembly and Chairman of the committee who… In "News"