ONITSHA (Sundiata Post) – Imo State accounted for the highest number of those traceably killed by security forces especially soldiers of the Nigerian Army and personnel of the Nigeria Police “special squads”.According to human rights group, the International Society for Civil Liberties and Rule of Law (Intersociety) in its special report released on Wednesday, Imo State accounted for at least 300 deaths from the 1,150 deaths; followed by Rivers State with 200 deaths including 150 deaths arising October-November 2020 Obigbo Army attacks.Sundiata Post published first part of the report yesterday. The report covered the period of 14 months from October 2020 to December 2021. The group also said soldiers joined in some cases by the combined forces of Police, DSS, NSCDC and other members of the Armed Forces have in the past 14 months raided not less than 100 Igbo communities, attacked not less than 1,000 dwelling houses belonging to unarmed civilians and destroyed properties valued at not less than N40billion. “The Nigeria Police IRT Headquarters at Abuja was responsible for not less than 150 custodial deaths (mainly citizens arrested from Imo State), followed by Abia State with not less than 130 deaths. Anambra and Ebonyi accounted for 100 deaths each while Akwa Ibom recorded at least 60 deaths. The Headquarters of the Nigeria Police Force Criminal Investigations Department (FCID) and its ‘Special Tactical Squad’ and ‘Counter Terrorism Unit’ at Abuja also accounted for at least 50 extra-judicial or custodial killings. Delta and Cross River recorded the remaining minimum of 60 deaths; totaling 1,150 defenceless citizens’ deaths in 14 months.“Imo State also accounted for at least 40% of the circumstantially discovered 1,000 missing/presumed dead citizens, followed by Rivers State. The not less than 270 Igbo-Christian deaths arising from attacks by Jihadist Fulani herdsmen in Igbo nation territory in 2021 majorly took place in ancestral Igbo parts of Benue and Kogi where no fewer than 90 deaths occurred; followed by Ebonyi and Enugu with at least 80 deaths; Igbo Delta/Edo with no fewer than 50 deaths. The rest are Anambra with at least 30 deaths and Imo and Abia with at least 30 deaths, totaling 270 Igbo-Christian deaths”, Intersociety said in the report signed by its board chair, Emeka Umeagbalasi. The full report reads: 60% Of The 1,150 Deaths Occurred In Army And Police Custodies “It is shocking to note that no fewer than 60% of the 1,150 deaths occurred in custodies manned by soldiers of the Nigerian Army and personnel of the Nigeria Police Force. In other words, not less than 60% of those killed were arrested or abducted alive and unarmed, falsely labeled and killed in custody in batches. The remaining 40% of the deaths which came from open killings was found to have been mainly perpetrated by soldiers of the Nigerian Army who were also responsible for disappearance of 70% of the 1000 missing persons in the past 14 months or between late October 2020 and December 2021. Soldiers specifically accounted for 80% of the entire open killings and 70% of the abductions and disappearances. It must be stated that the 1000 missing persons did not include the 1,150 persons shot and killed by soldiers and various police squads. Formations Of Security Forces Responsible For The Killings And Disappearances “The NPF formations where the killings had occurred included Police ‘IRT’ or “Intelligence Response Team” (i.e. Tiger Base in Owerri and FCIB Abattoir in Abuja), Force CID’s STS (‘Special Tactical Squad’ and CTU (Counter Terrorism Unit), Abuja; Police SWAT (formerly Police Special Anti Robbery Squad), Police Anti Kidnapping and Police Criminal Investigation Department formations located in the East and Abuja as well as the Nigerian Army formations in the East including those in Ohafia, Aba, Asa, Obinze, Onitsha, Ogoja, Uyo, Calabar, Asaba, Abakiliki and Enugu and others such as the Mogadishu Barracks in Abuja and Army’s secret detention facilities in Niger, Keffi (in Nasarawa State), Benue, Kaduna, FCT, etc. Other security agencies responsible for abduction of unnamed citizens of Eastern Nigeria and their custodial killings or disappearances include Nigerian Navy, Nigerian Air Force and the State Security Services. While the Nigerian Navy uses its facilities located at Owerre-Nta in Abia State, Ogbaru in Anambra State and Uyo and Calabar in Akwa Ibom and Cross River to abduct, detain, torture, starve with possibility of scores being killed in their custody, DSS abducts and secretly holds its captives for several months or one year and above in its various secret facilities amidst physical and psychological torture and other deprivations and without legitimate judicial processes including legitimate court trials. The Nigerian Air Force also uses its facilities in Enugu and Owerri, etc to perpetrate same heinous crimes including late May 2021 massive looting at Enyiogugu Market Square at Mbaise and shooting to death by its 211 Regiment in Owerri of a German based Igbo citizen, Citizen Oguchi Unachukwu on 1st June 2021 at Sam Mbakwe Airport. 100 Civilians Killed By State Actor And Non-State Actor Raised “Unknown Gunmen” “Not less than 100 civilians lost their lives to State actor and non State actor raised “Unknown Gunmen” in Eastern Nigeria since at least July 2021. Recent investigation by Intersociety has identified five major categories of “Unknown Gunmen” operating in the East; namely: (a) “Unknown Gunmen” with suspected links to Eastern Security Network, an anti Islamic Jihad armed opposition group raised by the Indigenous People of Biafra, (b) “Unknown Gunmen” with suspected links to splinter self determination agitators, among them are those enforcing ‘Monday Sit-at-Home’, (c) “Unknown Gunmen” with suspected links to some sub-national Governments in the East such as those of Imo and Ebonyi States. “In Ebonyi State, one of them is known as “MORE CAN BE DONE”; a notorious killer group indirectly linked to Ebonyi political corridors of power and responsible for at least 30 deaths in the State in 2020-2021. The secretly sub-nationally funded killer groups are also secretly armed by their sub national Governments to engage in wanton destruction of lives and properties for purpose of reprisals or blaming same on armed opposition group directly linked to a leading self determination agitation group in Eastern Nigeria as well as their political rivals. It is also strongly suspected that there are (d) “Unknown Gunmen” raised within the country’s security forces for purpose of engaging in wanton destruction of lives and properties so as to blame same on ESN and its IPOB. The newest of the brigand (e) “Unknown Gunmen” is that disguised as ‘Miyatti Allah Vigilante Group’; strongly suspected to have been backed and protected by the country’s security forces. An undeniable ‘pro Jihad armed opposition group’, unconfirmed reports have further indicated that the group has been moved and provided safe corridors by security forces particularly the Army into Eastern Nigeria since late 2021, with a clear mission to re-enter and re-occupy strategic Eastern forests, bushes and farmlands. Such have been reported lately in Egudene-Ekpofu in Nkanu East, Enugu State where soldiers have been strongly accused of aiding the return of Jihadist Fulani Herdsmen into the boundary Forest of Egudene-Ekpofu, Oruku, Amechi Idoodo and Amegunze from where they were dislodged by the affected communities in March 2020. “Soldiers had retaliated by invading and attacking the area three times in the row, killing scores. They also invaded several homes at late night and destroyed several buildings and properties. Reports from the area are coming to Intersociety in torrents indicating that thousands of cow and their herders (mixed with Jihadists) have been aided by security forces back to the area. Therefore, past six months in Eastern Nigeria has witnessed a litany of bloody attacks  on civilians and their properties by state actor and non state actor raised “Unknown Gunmen” leading to death of not less than 100 persons and wanton destruction of properties including automobiles worth hundreds of millions of naira. The most affected States in the attacks are Imo, Anambra, Abia and Enugu. Victims of the attacks had included prominent businessmen and women and political figures and professionals-with some caught during ‘invincibly enforced’ Monday sit-at-home and others during the 2021 Anambra Governorship electioneering. Scores have also been killed in Imo State. Legitimate Deaths: 300 Security Operatives And 100 Opposition Armed Men Killed “By the provisions of the International Laws of Armed Conflict and its relevant principles, ‘deaths arising from battlefields involving state actor and non state actor combatants in clear exchange of gun battle are referred to as “legitimate deaths” and are excluded from “war crimes” and related atrocities. Disallowed and forbidden are killing of civilians and burning or bombing of their homes and sacred places of worship and learning or destruction of their symbols of worship and livelihoods.  Forbidden too are killing of the wounded opposition combatants or killing in custody of surrendered or arrested armed opposition or state actor combatants. In the case of Nigerian security forces’ exchange of gunfire with non state actor “Unknown Gunmen” since January 2021, not less than 300 security operatives have been killed-with at least 100 opposition combatants losing their lives. As at 11th June 2021, a total of 235 security operatives lost their lives in offensive attacks launched against them by ‘Unknown Gunmen’. Soldiers Raided 100 Igbo Communities, Razed 1000 Homes And Destroyed N40B Properties “Soldiers of the Nigerian Army, joined in some cases by the combined forces of Police, DSS, NSCDC and other members of the Armed Forces have in the past 14 months raided not less than 100 Igbo communities, attacked not less than 1000 dwelling houses belonging to unarmed civilians and destroyed properties valued at not less than N40billion. It is forbidden in military tradition and modern warfare for soldiers to target and engage in wanton destruction of properties belonging to civilian population or properties that do not constitute “military necessity”. Such heinous acts are internationally and severely punishable as “war crimes” or “crimes against humanity”. Atrociously, soldiers and other security forces deployed in Eastern Nigeria have mindlessly targeted and razed civilian houses with impunity. Soldiers have also been found to have turned themselves into ‘looters’. A clear case in point was the looting spree by the Nigerian Air Force (211 Regiment, Owerri) personnel on May 30th and 31st 2021 at Enyiogugu Market Square in Mbaise, Imo State. “Therefore, the Nigerian security forces particularly soldiers of the Nigerian Army have been monitored and investigated and found to have invaded not less than 100 Igbo communities and raided 1000 homes and razed properties valued at not less than N40billion. Most of the attacks had taken place in Imo State where over 13 Local Government Areas including Orsu, Oru East, Oru West, Orlu, Njaba, Mbaitolu, Ohaji/Egbema, Okigwe, Ideato North, Owerri North, Owerri West, Onuimo, Oguta and a good number of their communities numbering over 60 have been attacked.  In Abia State, Aba North and Aba South, Isiala-Ngwa, Osisioma, Umuahia-Ibeku, Ohafia, Abiriba, etc have been attacked. In Oyigbo (Obigbo) Local Government Area of Rivers State, all its major communities were affected. In Anambra State, Ihiala, Nnewi South and Ekwusigo LGAs were involved. In Enugu, Awgu, Nkanu East, Nkanu West, Eha-Amufu, etc were involved. In Ebonyi, Ohaukwu, Ikwo LGAs and others were involved. Soldiers/Security Forces Destroyed N40B Properties In 1000 Attacks In The East “Using Awgu, Nkanu East and Nkanu West, Orsumoghu, Orsu-Ihiteukwa, Orlu, Obigbo, Lilu, Ohafia, Attah, Umutazi, and Njaba (Awomama) as our case study, average of 10 dwelling houses have been targeted, attacked and razed in each of the 100 Igbo communities. The valuable properties involved in each of the razed houses include main building and its perimeter fence, household properties including electronics and electrical appliances, chairs; house utensils, food items, economic trees and domestic animals and a parcel of land hosting the dwelling house. Totality of these is conservatively valued at N35m per razed dwelling house, translating to N35billion for 1000 dwelling houses that have been attacked. The remaining N5billion represents outside-the-house properties burnt or destroyed including market stalls, their wares and automobiles. Instances of soldiers’ late night invasion of civilian homes in the East in the past 14 months are too many to be mentioned. Apart from burning down houses and sanctuaries and properties of most of the leaders/members of the African Instituted Churches (Sabbath, Cherubim and Jewish Religion, etc), soldiers have also sacked thousands of families in Eastern Nigeria and burnt down or destroyed their dwelling homes-forcing many, if not most of them into homelessness. “While 25 members of the Egole’s extended Family are presently wandering homelessly in Orlu following soldiers and Police IRT attack and razing down of their houses and sanctuaries in February 2021, four key members of their Family (Cletus, Eugene, Chinedu and Chimezie) are not only nowhere to be found, but also two Pastors among them, Pastor Cletus and Pastor Chinedu have been killed in Police IRT custody. On 12th Dec 2021, soldiers and other members of the security forces stormed Orsu-Ihiteukwa and neighboring communities in Imo State in over 40 trucks and two armoured vehicles and laid the area under siege for over five hours (1am-5.30am), breaking into homes and sacking families at sleep and in the end they killed scores and took away no fewer than 50 citizens of the area-with their whereabouts unknown till date. Same was the case in communities in Orlu, Njaba, Ihiala, Oru East, Oru West, Orsu, etc on 24th, 26th, 30th and 31st December 2021 as well as 16th Jan 2022. Many indigenes of the area had run away from their homes and slept in the bush during those late night attacks. On 15th Dec 2021, we investigated and found that private and missionary morgues located in Orsumoghu and Orsu-Ihiteukwa and their environs had been taken over by corpses of the victims of the Nigerian Army attacks in the area. These are just to mention but a few. Security Forces Abducted Or Killed 400 Leaders/Members Of African Instituted Churches “The Nigerian security forces have in the past 14 months abducted or killed in custody not less than 400 leaders/members of the African Instituted Churches – a key branch of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) – derogatorily called “White Garment Churches”.  Many, if not most of their houses, sanctuaries and properties were razed or burnt down or destroyed. Prominent traditional herbalists across Igbo Land have also not been spared. In February 2021 alone, over 33 Sabbath and other leaders of the African Instituted Churches were arrested in Orlu and labeled “ESN/IPOB spiritualists or herbalists or charms providers”. Hundreds were also abducted in subsequent months. According to a media report, dated 9th Dec 2021, ‘no fewer than 133 Jewish worshippers are presently languishing in security custodies across the country following their arrest between Feb 2020 and Sept 2021 in Southeast Nigeria for having links with the Indigenous People of Biafra’; an accusation found to constitute criminal labeling, jungle justice or ‘trial by ordeal’. Pastor Cletus Egole and his pharmacist wife, Ifeyinwa were also arrested in Feb 2021 in Orlu and accused of ‘being sponsors of ESN/IPOB’. Pastor Cletus Egole, before his abduction and killing in custody, was a Pastor in charge of a Synagogue Church in Orlu. Another Jewish Religion Pastor in the area was also arrested and falsely labeled. He is also likely to have been killed in Police IRT detention.  Not done, Pastor Cletus Egole’s church, dwelling house and his wife’s pharmaceutical store were all burnt down or destroyed. Dozens of leaders of the African Instituted Churches (Sabbath, Cherubim, Church of Christ Apostolic Mission, etc) have also been abducted by security operatives and dumped permanently in detention without trial or killed in custody. Many of them have their sanctuaries, homes and properties burnt or destroyed. These are just to mention but a few.” ONITSHA - Human rights group, the International Society for Civil Liberties and the Rule of Law (Intersociety), has said Nigerian security forces deployed in Eastern Nigeria and Jihadists killed no fewer than 1,150 defenceless citizens of Eastern Nigeria in 14 months from October 2020 to December 2021.According to its special… In "Top Stories" ONITSHA (Sundiata Post) - Human Rights research group, the International Society for Civil Liberties and the Rule of Law (Intersociety), has said that the total number of defenceless Christians hacked to death by Jihadist Fulani herdsmen protected by the Nigerian government and its security forces in the past one month… In "News" ONITSHA  (Sundiata Post) - Human rights group,  the International Society for Civil Liberties and Rule of Law (Intersociety) says the Nigerian security services made up of the Army, police, the Navy, Department of State Security (DSS) abducted 2,000 innocents Nigerians of South East extraction from January to date.In a detailed… In "Top Stories"