IBADAN – The Olubadan-in-Council, a conclave of Ibadan High Chiefs, also known as kingmaker, on Saturday, cleared the air on the successor to the late Oba Saliu Akanmu Adetunji, Aje Ogunguniso 1, who passed away on January 2. The kingmakers said they have collectively agreed that Senator Lekan Balogun should be appointed as the next Olubadan. The Osi Olubadan of Ibadanland and former governor of Oyo State, Senator Rashidi Ladoja, addressed newsmen on behalf of the Council after a closed-door meeting with Governor Seyi Makinde, at the Oyo State Government House, Agodi, Ibadan. Ladoja said that the perceived controversy surrounding ascension to the Olubadan Stool has been amicably resolved. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Mr. Taiwo Adisa, quoted Ladoja as affirming the candidature of the Otun Olubadan of Ibadanland, High Chief Lekan Balogun, as the next Olubadan of Ibadanland, adding that the Ibadan High Chiefs have resolved their differences and are very united in the bid to install the new Olubadan of Ibadanland. The statement was titled, “Olubadan-In-Council clears air on succession, says Senator Lekan Balogun is next Olubadan”. The Osi Olubadan further explained that Council members had met with Governor Makinde and agreed to the resolution that Senator Lekan Balogun who is next in line to the stool remained the authentic candidate for the Olubadan Stool. He also promised that the Olubadan-in-Council would jointly make a public statement on their resolutions soonest. He said, “I can tell you that Ibadan is very lucky. All the matters causing the crisis in Ibadanland have been resolved. The governor has been magnanimous to have called this meeting because those of us who thought we won’t meet again have finally met and resolved all the matters. So, I can tell you that, by next week, you won’t notice any tension in Ibadan again. “The resolution is simple and the only contention was the objection by Barrister Lana on the court case and it has been resolved. None of us argued that the Otun Olubadan, Senator Balogun, is not the next Olubadan. All of us have agreed on that position because that is our hierarchy. “Before the resolution could be announced, we have our procedure. The Olubadan-in-Council will meet and we will present the candidate to the governor for assent. “Now, we are very happy that we have resolved the problem and we are all grateful to the governor.” The meeting had in attendance the Otun Olubadan of Ibadan land, High Chief Lekan Balogun; Balogun of Ibadanland, High Chief Owolabi Olakuleyin; Osi Olubadan of Ibadanland, Sen. Rasidi Ladoja; Ashipa Olubadan of Ibadanland, Chief Eddy Oyewole; Ekerin Olubadan of Ibadanland, Chief Abiodun Kola Daisi; Ekarun Olubadan of Ibadanland, Chief Amidu Ajibade; Otun Balogun, Chief Tajudeen Ajibola; Osi Balogun of Ibadanland, Chief Lateef Gbadamosi Adebimpe; Ashipa Balogun, Chief Adewole Adegbola; and the Ekarun Balogun, Chief Dauda Azeez Agagugu. (Saturday PUNCH) •Oyo State Governor Seyi Makinde IBADAN - The race to who becomes the next Olubadan of Ibadanland, is becoming interesting.Appointment of another Olubadan of Ibadanland became necessary following the death of the 41st Olubadan of Ibadan, Oba Saliu Akanmu Adetunji, in the early hours of Sunday, 2 January 2022. Lawyers… In "Top Stories" The controversy trailing the nomination of the next Olubadan of Ibadanland in the last two was on Saturday brought to end after a close-door meeting the Olubadan-in-Council with Gov. Seyi Makinde. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the meeting summoned by the governor over issue of the next… In "News" Members of the Olubadan-in-Council have endorsed the nomination of Otun Olubadan, Dr. Lekan Balogun, as the next Olubadan of Ibadanland. Recall that the last Olubadan of Ibadanland, Oba Saliu Adetunji, Aje Ogungunniso 1, died on Sunday morning. The Osi Balogun of Ibadanland, High Chief Tajudeen Ajibola, made the announcement at… In "News"