A former Head of State, General Abdulsalami Abubakar (retd.) said the late business mogul and winner of the June 12, 1993 presidential election, Chief MKO Abiola, was not killed but that he died after falling ill in detention. He debunked the claim that Abiola allegedly took poisonous tea which led to his death. Abdulsalami noted that each time the issue of the late MKO Abiola regarding how he died was mentioned, he smiled, adding that “I still thank God for directing me on things to do when he gave me the leadership of this country.” The former Nigerian leader spoke in an interview with the Trust TV monitored in Kaduna. He said, “Well, I smile because there were lots of allegations here and there that we killed Abiola. As always when I am talking about late Abiola, I still thank God for directing me on things to do when he gave me the leadership of this country. “On the day Moshood Abiola passed away, may he rest in peace, two to three things make me always say I thank my God for the guidance He gave me. One was I received a delegation from America headed by Pickering who was then, I think, the Secretary of State or so. In his team I remember very well, was Susan Rice. I remember her very well because of the role she played later. “So after the normal courtesy and discussion we had, when they were leaving my office, Pickering said ‘Your Excellency we made a request to see Moshood Abiola but we were denied.’ So, I said ‘Why were you denied? Who denied you? There and then, I made a decision and I said ‘Look, you will see Moshood definitely. I overrule whoever said you cannot see him.’ So, I now called my Chief Security Officer, I said ‘Please make arrangement for this team to see Abiola.’ That is one point. “Now during the incarceration of Moshood Abiola, except his personal doctor, to my knowledge, no member of his family saw him. So when I became Head of State, based on consultation and interaction together with Ambassador Babagana Kingibe, I gave the family a date that they could come and see him.” Abdulsalami added, “So a day before he died, his family came to Abuja to see him. For one reason or the other, the whole family could not see him at the same time, so it was agreed that when this group of his family will see him today, tomorrow the next team will see him. “So they saw him like yesterday, now this team from US came to see me and I said they could see him. Normally, it was in the evenings the family go and see him. So because I had authorised the American team to see him, so the other part of the family were waiting to see him. “So, it was at this meeting when the American team was meeting Abiola that he fell sick and suddenly the security officers called the medical team to come and attend to him, and when they saw the situation, they said it was severe and they needed to take him to the medical centre. So it was the medical team plus the American team that took him to the medical centre, unfortunately at the medical centre, he gave up. “Then my security chief called and said ‘I have bad news for you.’ I asked what it was, he said ‘Abiola is dead.’ I was shocked. He told me he was there with the American team, at that time I was staying in the barracks, I had not moved to the villa, so I said okay, let him take the American team to my house, I will meet them at the house; so I closed from the office, and went there. “The issue now was how do I break the news to Abiola’s family and how do we tell the world Abiola had passed on? I must be thankful to God and again to Ambassador Kingibe because we called on him and asked him to bring the family of Abiola. So when they came, I broke the news, that unfortunately this is what has happened.”(Punch). Abdulmumuni Abiola, a son of late Chief MKO Abiola, has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to investigate the death of his parents. Abiola, the winner of the annulled June 12, 1993 presidential election under the umbrella of Social Democratic Party, SDP, died in while in detention when General Abdulsalami took… In "News" Abdulmumuni Abiola, a son of the acclaimed of the 1993 presidential election, Chief MKO Abiola has declared that his father was betrayed by his own kinsmen. Abdulmumuni said Abiola’s kinsmen literally killed his and shared his meat. Abiola is a native of Ogun State, south west Nigeria. Speaking with Punch,… In "News" Chief Frank Kokori, the renowned labour unionist and elder statesman, has recalled the sacrifices made to end dictatorship in Nigeria. He also assesses the regime of the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), in upholding democratic tenets, in this interview with TOBI AWORINDE. It’s been 22 years since Nigeria returned… In "News"