Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company(IBEDC) Ltd has been taken over by the Assets Management Corporation of Nigeria (AMCON) over insolvency.  The Chief Operating Officer (COO) Engineer John Ayodele disclosed this in a memo to members of staff intimating them of the development.. Ayodele, in the January 20 memo, said the company fell under receivership by a September 8, 2021 Federal High Court judgment. The judgment, he said, granted preservative orders in favour of AMCON. He explained the government corporation has appointed a lawyer to serve in the receivership action. He disclosed that the receiver arrived on Thursday January 20 to take charge formally, hinting that he already held a meeting with the management staff. Ayodele, however, allayed fears over the development and assured staff of job security. The memo reads: “Further, to the judgement wherein the Federal High Court on the 8th of September 2021 granted preservative orders in favour of Asset Management Corporation- AMCON, (being the Receiver/Manager of Integrated Energy Distribution and Marketing Limited); the court has appointed Mr Kunle Oqunba Esq.SAN to act as Receiver/ Manager Nominee in the receivership action. “Based on the foregoing the Receiver/Manager came in today 20th January 2022 to the IBEDC Headquarters to take charge formally and subsequently met with the Management team. Therefore, I hereby wish to inform all staff that there is no cause for alarm. “We are assured of job security which entails our position/ duties in the company, being entitlements to our salaries and other benefits etc. “On behalf of the Management I urge us all to kindly go about the efficient discharge of our duties to ensure a speedy and mutually beneficial resolution. “I wish us all the best, while | appeal that we continue to remember IBEDC in our prayers.” IBEDC distributes electricity to consumers in Oyo, Osun, Ogun and Ondo as well as some parts of Ekiti and Kwara States. Riding on the order of Hon. Justice J.T. Tshoho (as he then was) of the Federal High Court, Lagos division, which granted the Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria (AMCON) judgment against Deap Capital Management and Trust Limited, Hon. Justice A.M. Liman further granted the Corporation leave to attach and sell… In "News" LAGOS - A Federal High Court in Lagos on Monday vacated an order granted the Asset Management Company of Nigeria (AMCON) to take over Terminal 2 of Murtala Mohammed International Airport. Justice Ibrahim Buba, in a ruling, upturned the order on the grounds that it was an abuse of court… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - In a bid to recover the huge debt of nearly N70billion owed it by businessman Jimoh Ibrahim, the Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria (AMCON) has filed a Notice of Appeal at the Court of Appeal, Abuja Judicial Division following Justice Okon Abang’s ruling of Tuesday February… In "Top Stories"