Popular gospel artiste, Sammie Okposo, on Tuesday tendered a public apology to his wife, Ozioma, and his fans after he confessed to cheating on his wife.  The Wellu Wellu master, as he is fondly called, took to his Instagram account to reveal that when he travelled to the United States, he was involved in an intimate relationship with another woman. He wrote, “Dear Friends, I need to bring a very unfortunate incident to your attention as I am not proud of it but know that this is the right thing to do. “On my recent trip to the USA (Late 2021), I got intimately involved with a lady, knowing that this was not appropriate as a married man and a minister of the gospel. I am ashamed and regret my actions as it has caused a lot of pain to my dear wife, Ozioma, my family and I. “As I work in making peace with God, repenting and asking His forgiveness, I am suspending myself from all ministry work until full restoration as this is what is proper and what I know I owe God and His people. “To my wife, Ozioma, I am sincerely sorry I put you through this shameful and embarrassing situation. I broke your trust and disappointed you. “Your forgiveness of my moral failure and poor judgement is important to me. I pray I will eventually be able to build back the trust and confidence every single day forth. “I want to take this moment and apologise to all fathers and mothers of the Faith and ministers of the Gospel for my behavior and moral failure. “I won’t be here if not for your investment and belief in what God has called me to do. I sincerely apologize for this embarrassing situation. “To all that have been a part of my ministry, followed my ministry or know me personally, I am truly sorry for disappointing you. “I regret any pain or disappointment that this news of my moral failure and poor judgement may cause you and I am truly sorry for disappointing you. “I humbly ask that you continue to pray for me.” Gospel singer, Sammie Okposo has lambasted the founder and leader of leader of Kharis Church in the United Kingdom, Pastor David Antwi for saying that instrumentalist who collect money for playing instruments are thieves. SEE You’re A Thief If You Play Church Instrument And Collect Money – Pastor Reveals “You’re… In "News" Lagos   -  Pastor Paul Adefarasin of the House on the Rock Church, Lagos, has urged all Nigerians to contribute their quota in order to bring positive change to the country. Adefarasin said this on Friday during a news conference on Performers for the Gospel Music Concert tagged: `The Experience… In "News" BENIN - A renowned Pop-Gospel artist, Sammie Okposo, on Thursday night in Benin, called for unity among the nation’s gospel artistes.Okposo made the call during the Candlelight Service for the late artiste, Kefee (Irikefe Don-Momoh, nee Obareki) which held at the Oba Akenzua Cultural Complex, Benin City.He stressed that Gospel… In "Style"