The Nigerian Police has confirmed the release of Dorcas Vem, the wife of Silas Vem, the Deputy Chief of Staff for Plateau Government House, who was kidnapped by gummen.  Spokesman for the Plateau State Police Command, Ubah Ogaba, who confirmed Dorcas release to The PUNCH in Jos on Tuesday also disclosed that Dr Samuel Audu, a Director in the Plateau State Ministry of Health who was abducted by gunmen has equally regained his freedom. The PUNCH had reported the abduction of the two persons in separate operations by gunmen. While the wife of the Deputy Chief of Staff was kidnapped near their Little Rayfield residence in Jos on Sunday, the gunmen abducted the Health Director in front of his Barki Ladi residence on Monday night. The Police Spokesman who confirmed the release of the two persons said their freedom was made possible through the combined efforts of security agents. Ogaba said, “Yes, the wife of the Deputy Chief of Staff and the medical doctor have just been released and reunited with their families. They were rescued by the combined efforts of the security operatives on Tuesday. On whether a former Governorship aspirant in the state, Kemi Nshe, who was abducted last week by gunmen at his Shendam residence alongside a lecturer with the Plateau State University, Monday Hassan, has also been released. The PPRO said, “I don’t have information about their release yet. I will let you know as soon as I get information on their freedom. But the police is working round the clock to ensure that all kidnap victims regain their freedom and ensure the protection of the lives and properties of the people.”  Source  Charles Mato Dakat, the kidnapped traditional ruler in Plateau State, has been released. Dakat who is the Paramount ruler in Gindiri chiefdom, Mangu Local Government of the state, was kidnapped when gunmen attacked his palace last Sunday around 1am His abductors had made contact with the family members a few… In "News" •Prof. Grace Ayanbimpe JOS - A professor in the Department of Medical Microbiology University of Jos(UNIJOS), Grace Ayanbimpe and her husband kidnapped by gunmen in Jos, the Plateau state capital on Monday have been rescued by security operatives. The Nation reports the Professor was abducted in the early hours of… In "News" . . . Kidnapped wives of Nasarawa commissioner freed ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A former foreign Affairs minister, Mr. Bagudu Hirse, was kidnapped in front of the Kaduna residence of Mamman Daura, President Muhammadu Buhari’s nephew, on Sunday. Hirse was said to have been accosted by the kidnappers who forced… In "Top Stories"