Ericsson says all is set to showcase its newest products in 5G innovation, the Time-Critical Communication (TCC), a software toolbox built to resolve lags and interruptions in mobile networks. Ericsson announced this in a statement on Wednesday, while declaring its participation at LEAP 22 taking place in the Riyadh Front Expo Centre from Feb. 1 to Feb. 3. LEAP 22 is a global technological event featuring more than 400 expert international speakers across six conferences delivering expert insights and cutting-edge content. “At the technology event, Ericsson would exhibit groundbreaking innovations in cellular technology. “Through speeches, demonstrations, and orbital talk sessions, Ericsson would showcase its latest innovation along with interactive demonstrations that range from enterprise and consumer 5G use cases to Industry 4.0 applications. “As part of the anticipated demonstrations, Ericsson will have a dedicated space for its partners to showcase their collaborations and different engagements with industry leaders and technology disruptors across various sectors,”it said.   By Funmilola Gboteku Lagos - Ericsson says it has been selected by O2 UK to deploy its 5G radio access network (RAN) further across the country, upgrading existing 2G/3G/4G sites as part of the substantial network modernisation programme. Ericsson made the disclosure in a statement on Wednesday. It said that… In "Foreign" By Funmilola Gboteku Lagos - Ericsson on Tuesday announced that its automated smart factory for 5G and 4G radio technology products was now operational in Nanjing, China. Fredrik Jejdling, Executive Vice President and Head of Business Area Networks who made this known in a statement said that the SEK 500… In "Technology" By Alex Chiejina LAGOS (Sundiata Post) - In the second half of 2015, Nigeria was among the top five countries worldwide in terms of mobile subscription additions, and Nigerian businesses are increasingly adopting mobile-first strategies. In fact, 83 percent of mobile phone subscribers in Nigeria rely solely on their mobile… In "News"