The Federal Government has been urged to secure the release of Leah Sharibu and other students held captive by kidnappers.  Recall that Leah Sharibu, alongside hundreds of Chibok boarding school students, were kidnapped in 2014. While several of them were released, Leah Sharibu and a few others were detained for refusing to denounce their faith. The call was made by Northern Leaders of Thought in a communique issued at the end of a one-day security meeting held at Arewa House Kaduna. The communique which was signed by Professor Doknan Decent Danjuma Shenni noted the widespread insecurity, poverty among Nigerians and the discontent against the leadership of Nigeria. The group said there was a need to rise to the challenges of insecurity and poverty, just as it called on Nigerians, to always pray for the peace of the country It called on Nigerian youths not to despair or be distracted over the present challenges and urged them to register to vote for a leadership that can change the fortunes of Nigeria. The meeting expressed concerns over the noticed disconnect between citizens and the leaders as well as the widening gap between citizens and their elected representatives. The communique called on all strata of Nigeria’s leadership to reconnect with the citizens, just as it recommended the need to have a working partnership with government agencies and other non-government organs to restore and reinstate traumatized and displaced communities (IDP) to their villages. It called for trauma healing sessions for persons internally displaced by insecurity and de-radicalization programmes targeting youth of communities ravaged by insurgency.   Source •Leah Sharibu ABUJA - The Muhammadu Buhari Administration has reacted to reports that Leah Sharibu, one of the Dapchi schoolgirls abducted last year by Boko Haram has been killed. See https://sundiatapost.com/aid-worker-abducted-by-boko-haram-claims-leah-sharibu-is-dead-video/ The Senior Special Assistant to the President Muhammadu Buhari on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, said in a Facebook… In "Top Stories" Today, October 15th, by God’s special grace, is my 60th Birthday. My joy knows no bounds. I rejoice in the compassionate mercies of my LORD GOD, the ALMIGHTY. By His grace, he has made my life worth it for these 60 years on earth! I have reflected deeply on my… In "News" By Harrison Arubu New York - The Nigerian embassy in Washington, D.C., has frowned at a recent event in the U.S. capital where some “victims’’ of terrorism and farmers/herders conflict in northern Nigeria made “false” claims against the Federal Government. The event, which was a panel discussion tagged “Insecurity in… In "News"