Some suspected ritualists have killed a young lady at a hotel in Jos, Plateau State and harvested her vital organs.   The young lady has been identified simply as Plangnan. According to one Chuwang Ahmadu Rajan, the mutilated body of the deceased was found dumped near Plateau Radio Television Corporation (PRTV) in Rayfield area of Jos South last week. The development is coming days after the mutilated body of a 300 level University of Jos student, Jennifer Anthony was recovered from a hotel in Jos with her vital parts removed . Read Chuwang’s post below: “Our sister, Plangnan was killed during Christmas period around Rayfield and she was burried in that same area. ADVISORY: “There’s a Red Alert that ritualists have invaded Jos and now have a market for selling human parts in the state. Recently, the Corpse of this young lady(Plangnan) a resident of Chwel-Nyap Congo Russia Area of Jos North was found near PRTV in Rayfield Area of Jos South with some of her Private Parts removed. “Please let’s do well to warn our wards especially the Ladies who are the most vulnerable ones, to be very careful with their movements. Remain vigilant & Report any suspicion of such activity to Security Operatives, please. May her soul continue to rest with the Lord” JOS (Sundiata Post) - At least three people are said to be in critical condition following a late evening shooting by men of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) in Zawang community, Jos, Nigeria. A blogger Masara Kim  quoted eyewitnesses as saying that the incident followed an attempt by the operatives… In "Metro" There was outrage in Jos, Plateau State capital, and Benue State on Tuesday night, following the killing of 43 people in different attacks. Thirty-five people were killed in different attacks in Yelwa Zangam in Jos North Local Government Area of Plateau State. Also, eight were killed in Yelawa, Guma Local… In "News" University of Jos, Plateau State, who went missing, has been reportedly found dead. The 300 level Special Education and Rehabilitation Sciences student went missing since December 31, 2021, New Year's Eve. All attempt to find her proved abortive until her body was recovered in a hotel in Jos with both… In "Features"