A former governor of Niger State, Babangida Aliyu, has said that Vice President Yemi Osinbajo is the best candidate in the All Progressives Congress for the 2023 presidential election.  The former governor and Chairman Board of Trustees of the Sir Ahmadu Bello Memorial Foundation made the remarks on Tuesday at the ongoing 2022 annual lecture of the foundation holding in Kano State. He said any “riff-raff or moneybags” will not get to the highest office in the land, even if they offer money in the 2023 election. “Mr Vice President, do you know you are the best candidate in your party?” he asked, describing Osinbajo as the only candidate that knows the country and has the acceptance of everyone across the country regardless of tribe and religion. He said they will not allow “riff raffs” to take over power even if they offer all the money in this world. “No matter how much money he has, let him bring the money, we will collect it,” he added. The Emir of Lafia, Justice Sidi Bage (Rtd), also praised the Vice President, promising that Nasarawa State would give him all the necessary support to enable him to become the next President of the country. “Mr Vice President, wherever you go, we will follow,” he added. He tasked the Federal Government and the nation’s elites to renew their social contracts with Nigerians to address the lingering security challenges bedevilling the country. He said human life in today’s northern Nigeria has been degraded by kidnapping for ransom, just as he expressed worry that the situation requires immediate attention. “The time has come to restore the traditional leaders’ role as it was during the pre-colonial times to maximise their contributions if we mean to rescue the situation,” he said. The monarch added that all States Houses of Assembly must create a special role by giving legal backing to traditional leadership so that they could do their best.  Source By Yemi Adeleye Lagos - Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Wednesday solicited support of the Hausa community in the Southwest for the re-election of President Muhammadu Buhari and other APC candidates in the zone. Osinbajo, who made the plea at a Town Hall Meeting with the Community in Ikeja, Lagos… In "Politics" The Organised Private Sector for Osinbajo (OPS 4 Osinbajo), on Tuesday in Abuja, said Vice President Yemi Osinbajo is better equipped intellectually to be the country’s next president in 2023.The group’s spokesman, Alhaji Abdulrahman Farouk, said this in a statement, adding that Osinbajo was far better intellectually equipped than any… In "News" Former military president, retired Gen. Ibrahim Babangida, says Vice President Yemi Osinbajo is the best person to lead Nigeria in 2023. Babangida expressed the view on Thursday while receiving the Osibanjo Grassroot Organisation at his Hill Top residence in Minna, the Niger capital. He urged Osinbajo to remain focused and… In "Politics"