Former Head of State, General Abdulsalami Abubakar (rtd), has explained the role he played after ex-President Olusegun Obasanjo was released from prison in 1998.  Obasanjo was among the leaders that the regime of General Sani Abacha threw into prison. After Abacha died suddenly in 1998, Abdulsalami took over as head of state and released some prisoners, including Obasanjo. In an interview with TRUST TV, the elder statesman how Obasanjo and others were rehabilitated to make them bounce back. “We released Obasanjo and other prisoners and pardoned them. So, when Obasanjo was released he came to see me, saying he was going to take the government to court. “Why are you going to do that?” He said his business was crumbled by the military, his human rights have been violated, that he did not commit any coup and so on and so forth. I said “Sir, please let bygone be bygone, thank God you are alive today, forget about these things. Some of the issues you mentioned, within my power I will look into that, so we left it at that”. Asked if he rehabilitated Obasanjo after prison, Abdulsalami said, “Like I had all other prisoners! What do you mean by I had to rehabilitate him? “Of course not only him, all people that were imprisoned in one way or the other, we tried to rehabilitate them; to help them in one way or the other.” A former president, Olusegun Obasanjo, has narrated how he was almost rescued from prison The former president said some of his 'international friends' planned to rescue him in a helicopter He said he however rejected their offer and told them he would not leave the prison A former president of… In "Top Stories" Former Head of State, General Abdulsalami Abubakar (rtd) has revealed that he advised President Olusegun Obasanjo to go home and take care of his health rather than delving into politics shortly after he was freed from detention. Obasanjo who was detained by the regime of late General Sani Abacha, regained… In "Politics" By Kenneth Tadaferua A long 19 years after he was released from Yola Prison, where he was jailed for allegedly planning a coup against late General Sani Abacha, former military head of state, former civilian President, ex-army general and the Ebora of Owu, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo, who no longer wants… In "Opinion"