Oyo State Governor, ‘Seyi Makinde, on Thursday, paid a condolence visit to the family of the late former Governor of Oyo State, Chief Adebayo Alao-Akala, saying that the state has lost, “perhaps its most experienced politician” in the former governor.  Governor Makinde, while addressing the widows, family, and political associates of the late former governor, at his Opadoyin Lodge residence, Randa area, in Ogbomoso, said that the visit was to officially condole with the family over the demise of someone he described as leader, brother, mentor, and grassroots man. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Mr. Taiwo Adisa, quoted Governor Makinde as saying that the late Alao-Akala, was a lover of Ogbomoso and Oyo State and that he did his best as governor of the state. He said, “I am here this afternoon on behalf of the government and people of Oyo State, to condole with the family of our departed leader, brother, mentor, former Governor Adebayo Alao-Akala.“We cannot question God. I still spoke with him five days ago. I said to somebody that I wanted to ask him to come and flag off the road project between Ogbomoso and Iseyin, and the person said to me that I should not make such move, because he would deal with it politically. “But I put a call across to him and he surprisingly said to me ‘Seyi, I will be there to flag it off.’ “He asked me to give him only 48 hours notice, choose the date and I was looking forward to it. But who are we to question God? Sometimes, it is not how long but how well and I will explain it to you. Here, we have my brother, Senator Teslim Folarin. I can also see Hon. Segun Odebunmi (Bunvic) and almost all the political leanings in Oyo State are here. We have lost, perhaps, the most experienced politician this state has ever produced. “Chief Alao-Akala was a grassroots man. He rose from a local government chairman to Deputy Governor, and to Acting Governor and a State Governor. Who else has the credentials? Nobody in Oyo State.” The governor called on family members, friends, and well-wishers of the former governor to take solace in the fact that he lived a great life and give thanks to God even in their grief. While thanking the governor for the visit, the son of the late former governor, Olamiju Alao-Akala, thanked Governor Makinde for the prompt response and visitation to the family. “On behalf of the entire family, we want to thank you for your prompt response and visitation to the family. We appreciate your effort and that of the people of the state. Thank you so much,” he said.  Source OGBOMOSO - Former Governor of Oyo State Adebayo Alao-Akala has described the death of Chief Gbade Ishola, his former media aide, as very painful and shocking. Ishola, a former Senior Special Assistant on Media to Alao-Akala, died after a brief illness on Thursday in Ibadan and was buried on Friday.… In "News" OGBOMOSO - A former governor of  Oyo State,  Adebayo Alao-Akala,  has described the death of  former Information Minister, Prof. Dora Akunyili, as a great loss to the nation. He also expressed shock at the demise of the  Emir of Kano, Alhaji Ado Bayero, saying his vacuum would be difficult to… In "News" By Akeem Abas Ibadan - Sen Teslim Folarin(APC-Oyo Central) has commended former Gov. Adebayo Alao-Akala, who clocked 70 years on Wednesday, for his selfless commitment to the development of the state. In a statement issued by his media aide, Yekeen Olaniyi, and made available to newsmen on Wednesday in Ibadan,… In "News"