The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board on Monday said it had rejected the apology of a “repentant” candidate who wrote to intimate the board of examination malpractices which he committed 21 years ago.  This is as the examination regulatory board added that the only way it would accept the apology is for the former candidate to forfeit all the certificates he had acquired with the result of his Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination. This was disclosed in the weekly bulletin published by the Board and made available to The PUNCH in Abuja by its Director of Protocols and Public Relations, Dr Fabian Benjamin. The bulletin partly reads, “A repentant candidate named Mr Timipade Kemepade has written to the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board asking for forgiveness owing to his involvement in examination malpractice in the course of obtaining the result of the UME (as UTME was known then) that he sat 21 years ago. He blamed youthful exuberance for his misconduct. “Mr Kemepade’s plea was contained in a letter addressed to JAMB titled: Restitution on my JAMB Result 21 Years Ago.” The letter read in part, “With regret and sincere apology to JAMB, I, Timipade Kemepade, with Certificate No. 33208803GA, confess that I participated in examination malpractice 21 years ago while sitting my JAMB examination.” The letter continued, “I, therefore, seek the forgiveness of JAMB. I sincerely regret my youthful exuberance.”  The Board, in its reply to Mr Kemepade, stated that the apology and consequent admission of guilt are “rejected in their entirety and are, therefore, not admissible.” “Consequently, Mr Kemepade was informed by the Board that the only condition for accepting his apology is his willingness to forfeit all the certificates he had fraudulently acquired with the result of the University Matriculation Examination.” By Veronica Dariya Bwari (Abuja) - Dr Emmanuel Ndukwe, Chairman, Governing Board, Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), has described the process and the conduct of the 2019 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) as credible. Ndukwe’s appraisal was contained in the board’s weekly bulletin (Vol. 1, No 26) made available… In "News" By Veronica DariyaBwari. -. The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) says no candidate of the 2019 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) has more than one result. The board stated this in its weekly bulletin released from the office of the Registrar on Sunday in Abuja. The bulletin quoted the… In "News" At least 62,140 candidates will have to re-write university admission examinations as the Joint Examination and Matriculation Board, JAMB, has delisted computer-based centres (CBT) from board examination as a result of technical deficiencies, extortion, organised examination malpractice and other infractions. The board also suspended 24 centres for one year due… In "News"