By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Nasarawa State, has unanimously endorsed Senator Umaru Tanko Al-makura for the position of the national chairman of the party. At a colourful ceremony that held at the Government House, Tuesday, the APC adopted the former governor as its only candidate to run for the position of the national chairman of the party ahead of the February 26 national convention. At the event, Nasarawa State governor, Engineer Abdullahi Sule, members of the national assembly from the state, members of the Nasarawa State House of Assembly, state executive committee of the APC, as well as critical stakeholders of the party, unanimously endorsed Senator Al-makura for the position of the national chairman of the APC. In his speech during the event, Engineer Sule corroborated the statement earlier made by the state chairman of the APC, Hon. John Mamman, stressing that even though it’s the right of every citizen of the state to seek to contest for any elective position, only Senator Al-makura has publicly made known his intention to seek for the position of the national chairman of the ruling party. While tracing the role his immediate predecessor played leading to the formation of the APC in 2013, with Nasarawa State being the only platform for the Congress for Progressive Change (CPC) to take part in the alliance that gave birth to the APC, the governor said the moment presents an opportunity for Nasarawa State to produce the national chairman of the party, in the person of Senator Al-makura. According to Engineer Sule, even though he first started the campaign for the national chairman position to be zoned to North Central and to Nasarawa State in particular, subsequently throwing his support behind his immediate predecessor, he will dutifully take responsibility of conveying the decision of the party in the state, to the national level. Earlier in an opening remarks, state chairman of the APC, Hon. John Mamman, said the party was at the Government House, to present its candidate for the position of the national chairman of the party, in the person of Senator Umaru Tanko Al-makura. The APC state chairman noted that Senator Al-makura has impeccable leadership qualities that have been tried and tested, having risen from being the youth leader of the defunct NPN, member of the constituent assembly, governor and presently a distinguished senator of the Federal Republic. Hon. Mamman said the party is endorsing the candidature of Senator Al-makura because of his proven leadership qualities and because he is the only one that made public his intention to contest for the position of the national chairman of the party. Also, Senator Godiya Akwashiki (APC, Nasarawa North), speaking on behalf of members of the national assembly, highlighted on the sterling leadership qualities of Senator Al-makura that makes him ideal to occupy the position of the national chairman of the APC. Speaker of the Nasarawa State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon Ibrahim Balarabe Abdullahi, represented at the event by his deputy, Hon. Tsentse N. Dandaura, endorsed Senator Al-makura as their candidate for the position of national chairman of the APC. On his part, former member of the Federal House of Representatives, Hon. Ahmed Aliyu Wadada, commended the party in the state for the initiative to endorse Senator Al-makura. Hon. Wadada, who is presently the chairman of Peugeot Automobile Nigeria (PAN), extolled the leadership qualities of Senator Al-makura, stressing that indeed, Nasarawa State has what it takes to represent at the national level. Another member of the House of Representatives from Nasarawa State, Jonathan Gbefwi Gaza announced his defection from the Peoples Democratic Party to the All Progressives Congress at the plenary on Wednesday. Gaza’s defection followed a similar change of parties by five members – all from Zamfara State – within two… In "Politics" By Isaac Ukpoju Lafia -  Governor Umaru Al-Makura on Thursday expressed confidence that the gale of defections sweeping across various state chapters of the All Progressive Congress (APC), would not reach Nasarawa State. “The gale of defections rocking the APC will not reach Nasarawa; I am very confident of that,”… In "Politics" Nasarawa State Governor Abdullahi Sule has expressed support for rotational presidency. He said it is necessary for the next President to come from the South. Some other governors in the North, including Babagana Umara Zulum (Borno), Nasir El-Rufai (Kaduna), Abdullahi Umar Ganduje (Kano) and Aminu Bello Masari (Katsina), have publicly… In "Features"