Abuja – The Head, Media and Public Relations of Joint Admissions and Matriculations Board, JAMB, Fabian Benjamin, has dragged a presenter with human rights Radio, Ahmed Isah to court over alleged injurious broadcast, factual error and innuendos which amounted to defamation of character. In a statement JAMB says also joined in the suit as 1st Defendant is Premier Broadcasting Limited, owners of Human Rights Radio, Abuja. The statement says in suit NO. CV/3211/2021, filed by the JAMB Spokesman’s lawyer Chris Alashi, before an FCT High Court, sitting at Gwagwalada and presided over by Justice A.O. Ebong, Fabian Benjamin is claiming N6 billion as compensation for general damages. The case is also filed for the deliberate, libellous and malicious public broadcast by the first Defendant and anchored by the second Defendant, Ahmed Isah. JAMB Claims that on April 16, 2021, between 7:30 am and 10am, Ahmed Isah, while on air on Human Rights Radio and Television during the Brekete family Programme, put a call through to him via his Mobile Number, during which he maliciously defamed Fabian Benjamin by impugning, maligning and discrediting his integrity and reputation as the PRO of JAMB and an academic. JAMB alleges that Ahmed Isah, while on air, accused its PRO of forging his Ph.D certificate as well as being insane, incompetent, unscrupulous, sadistic person of questionable character. In addition, JAMB notes Ahmed Isah saying its Spokesman’s bad behaviour and arrogance are hereditary, and were acquired from his parents; that there is no solution to it; and that the Fabian Benjamin’s parents are also arrogant and damnable. The case has been fixed for February 14, 2022 for hearing. Meanwhile, Ahmed Isah in a telephone conversation exclusively with Ait’s Abulu Osemuaghu denied all allegations, claiming he only said “he doubts if Fabian Benjamin really obtained a PhD certificate”. (AIT) According to a report by SaharaReporters, the Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) and Centre for Journalism Innovation and Development have filed a lawsuit against President Muhammadu Buhari and Mr Lai Mohammed, Minister of Information and Culture, over a new directive preventing broadcasters from reporting details of terrorist attacks. The… In "News" The Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP), and 261 concerned Nigerians, civil society organisations, and media groups have filed a lawsuit against the National Broadcasting Commission [NBC] and Minister of Information and Culture Mr Lai Mohammed over the fines the commission imposed on Channels Television, AIT and Arise TV for… In "News" PENGASSAN Abuja -  The National Industrial Court sitting in Abuja on Wednesday granted an order for service of contempt proceedings against the Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association (PENGASSAN), Abuja branch for constant breach of court orders. Justice Sanusi Kado, granted the order to the claimants, Mr Seyi Gambo… In "News"