ABUJA – Northern youths, under the aegis of Arewa Youth Assembly, have called on prominent private sector players to come to the nation’s rescue by joining the 2023 presidential race. According to them, Nigeria needs the managerial acumen and leadership skills of citizens, such as Alhaji Aliko Dangote, Femi Otedola, Mrs Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, and many others, who have made success for themselves in private ventures. The northern youths argued that the business of leading Nigeria should no longer be abandoned to the present crop of politicians and urged Nigerians not to be swayed by gifts of money and foodstuffs by politicians come 2023. The Arewa Youths stated this in a statement on Friday, titled, “Private Sector Players to Join the 2023 Presidential Race,” jointly signed by the group’s Speaker, Mohammed Danlami, and National Clerk, Desmond Minakaro. They said, “The knowledge and experience an entrepreneur acquires from business exposes him to noting how government affects the private sector, which is the power source of economic growth that propels improvements in living standards of citizens. “In a country like Nigeria that has great and intelligent minds with positive reputations all over the world, the likes of Mrs Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, Mrs Ibukun Awosika, Mr Bode Augusto, Mr Segun Agbaje, Mr Fola Adeola, Alhaji Tunde Folawiyo, Mr Atedo Peterside, Mr Kola Adesina, Alhaji Aliko Dangote, Mr Femi Otedola, Mr Mike Adenuga, Mr Akinwumi Adesina, Mr Herbert Wigwe and Mr Aig Imoukhuede, who are boardroom czars with a vast wealth of knowledge on entrepreneurship, why let Nigeria be run by others who lack such knowledge? “An entrepreneur that can grow wealth, bear risk in such conditions found in Nigeria surely is suited to better the fortunes of the nation. “Nigeria will flourish under such a person; our economy will grow as he or she is already an employer of labour and will create employment on a level playing field for businesses to grow. “We are calling and pleading with the successful private sector players to join the 2023 presidential race, they need to stand up and be counted. Nigeria has given you much, we ask now that you come and be the stewards of our nation, not just your businesses. Come and rescue Nigeria from the shackle of poor leadership.”(Punch). A coalition of northern groups known as the Arewa Concerned Civil Society Organisations of Nigeria, on Monday, declared support for the presidential ambition of ex-President of the Senate and a one-time Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Anyim Pius Anyim. The youth bloc described Anyim as a bridgebuilder who… In "Politics" Who will be gearing up for 2023?A growing number of names have been floated as potential presidential aspirants in the 2023 general elections. They range from current and former governors to serving ministers and former presidential candidates. Many of these people are yet to openly declare interest in the race… In "Politics" The Arewa Youths Consultative Forum, AYCF, has stated that the North will not cede the presidency in 2023 to the South. According to Vanguard, the President of the AYCF, Shettima Yerima made this known in an interview on Tuesday. Yerima said it irritates the entire North for some southern politicians… In "News"