UMUAHIA – Heavily armed security operatives have cordoned off the roads leading to the premises of Abia State High Court complex located on Ikot Ekpene Road, Umuahia as the court is set to deliver judgement today on the suit filed by the Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu against the federal government. As early as 7:00am , detachment of security personnel had been deployed around the court premises. All the roads leading to the court have also been barricaded, thus forcing motorists and pedestrians to take alternate routes. Journalists and staff of the court as well as people accessing the premises were asked to produce their identity cards before allowing access to the premises. The presiding judge, Justice Benson Anya had during the hearing last year ordered security agents to stop interfering with those coming to the court during the court hearing of Kanu’s suit. He said that the security operatives were creating unnecessary tension by their action. Meanwhile, lawyers and various stakeholders were sighted around the court premises including Kanu’s Special Counsel, Aloy Ejimakor who is leading leading a team of other lawyers to for Kanu’s. Sighted also was the Counsel to the Chief of Army Staff, Amos Tory among other defendants lawyers. Newsmen from major national and international media houses including the BBC were also around in their numbers. Among the stakeholders was Chief Ugo Chinyere, Igboayaka O Igboayaka, among a host of others. (Vanguard) By Teddy Nwanunobi Abuja (Sundiata Post) — Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, was, on Tuesday, granted bail on health reasons in an Abuja Federal High Court 4 presided over by Justice Binta Nyako. Nyako, however, denied bail to three other pro-Biafra agitators, Chidiebere Onwudiwe, Benjamin Madubugwu… In "Top Stories" The popular secessionist group, the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), has reacted to the most recent jail break in Jos, Plateau State, saying the jailbreaks are tricks by the Department of State Services (DSS) to prevent the transfer of its detained leader, Nnamdi Kanu, to a prison facility. The group… In "News" The Sureties of the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, are expected to provide him in court tomorrow. Nnamdi kanu’s whereabouts is yet to be known following the invading of his home in Umuahia by men of the Nigerian army, under the Operation Python Dance II.… In "News"