Babatunde Fashola, the Minister of Works and Housing, has stated that the Buhari-led administration has achieved more than the United States government in infrastructural development.  In his speech in Kano during the “APC conversation series” on Thursday January 27, Fashola noted that there are 850 ongoing projects under his ministry, including roads and bridges construction as well as houses in 34 states of the country. He said; “I can assure you that the present APC administration of President Buhari has achieved what even the US government is trying to do in terms of infrastructure. “As at December 2021, we have completed 941 kilometers of roads across all states and geopolitical zones. “In Kano state here for instance, there are 21 road projects either in, around or in the neighbouring communities. “Before APC administration, when last do you remember Federal Government completing 50 kilometer road in any part of the country? “So, this is the positive change we promised Nigerians in 2015 and it is already happening. They say we are the same with them, but we are not. They stole money and took it abroad, but we are taking this money back and investing it in the area of infrastructure.”  Source By Ignatius Okpanachi When I listen to the utterances of Nigerian politicians, I remember the song of one musician, Tony Wilson, entitled, 'The Politician Man of Many Words'. In that album the artist described a politician as ‘a man of many words going to so many places, talking to so… In "Opinion" How did you feel watching Works and Housing Minister, Babatunde Raji Fashola, SAN, inspecting the just completed multi-million dollars bridge at Ikom, Cross River State, early this week? Any person of goodwill, not overtaken by bile and ill will, would feel proud to be a Nigerian. Such people would be… In "Features" By Abbas Bamalli Kano  -   Mr Babatunde Fashola, the Minister of Power, Works and Housing has reiterated the Federal Government’s commitment to complete the abandoned 26 kilometer Kano Western-bypass project before the end of 2018. The Minister, who was represented by the Director Federal Highways, North West zone, Busari… In "all nigerian newspapers"