There was pandemonium yesterday in Omuanwa Community in Ikwerre Local Government Area of Rivers State as a member of a local vigilante group in the area killed a Nigeria Air Force personnel. Some of the residents of the community, it was gathered, fled the area over fear of reprisal from Nigeria Air Force. A source in the area that identified the victim as, Chinedu Endurance, informed that the incident happened Tuesday evening, claiming the killers were members of Omuanwa Security Peace and Advisory Committee, OSPAC. An indigene of the community who spoke on condition of anonymity, claimed that trouble started when members of the local vigilante went on rampage, chasing and harassing some individuals especially the youths, forcing them to take oath.READ ALSO: NAF seeks cooperation with Royal Air Force on climate change The source said the problem degenerated when a brother to the Air Force personnel, Endurance was apprehended, beaten and kept in OSPAC’s cell. He said the Air Force personnel had approached the OSPAC to inquire what his brother’s offense was, but he was shot and taken to hospital where he later died. Meanwhile, Police in the state have confirmed the arrest of a vigilante who allegedly killed the Air Force personnel It was gathered that the community leaders had yesterday handed over the suspect, Progress Emecheta, to the Police Area Command, Isiokpo before he was transferred to the State Criminal Investigations Department, SCID. Rivers State Police Command Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, Grace Woyengikuro, in a scanty statement said, “On the case in Omuanwa, the OSPAC personnel named Progress Emecheta has been arrested. The suspect is detained in the SCID and investigation is ongoing.” The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has raised a search and rescue team for its missing Alpha-Jet. The fighter jet with two crew members lost contact with radar around 5pm on Wednesday. It was on an interdiction mission in support of ground troops in the ongoing counter-insurgency operations in Borno State,… In "News" By Obinna Unaeze Minna - Gov. Abubakar Bello of Niger on Monday alleged that some moles in the state divulge government classified information on security issues to bandits resulting in attacks on some Local Government Areas. Bello made this known in Minna during a press conference on the recent order… In "News" Police in Zamfara on Tuesday confirmed the killing of 23 persons in Tunga and Kabaje villages, Kaura-Namoda Local Government Area by suspected bandits in the early hours of the day. Confirming the incident to News Agency of Nigeria in Gusau, Police Public Relations Officer in the state, SP Mohammed Shehu,… In "News"