 The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), on Saturday pledged to end Abajana gridlock to curtail the sufferings of motorists and commuters along Abuja-Lokoja-Kabbah road. Assistant Corps Commander(ACC), Moses Odogiyon, the new Unit Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Zariagi Unit Command, Kogi, made the pledge in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in his office. “We are so concerned with the sufferings associated with the incessant gridlocks being experienced around the Abajana Junction along the Abuja-Lokoja-Kabbah highway and have taken measures to end it. “All we need is the cooperation of motorists and other security agencies to bring the “monster gridlock” and sufferings associated with it to an end. “Our major desire is to drastically reduce the carnage and wanton loss of lives along our highways and equally ensure free flow of traffic. “We intend to interface with other stakeholders in road usage and management, especially Dangote transport section, to curb the unruly behaviour of some of its drivers. “FRSC wishes to appeal to the management of Dangote Cement plc to help station one of its towing trucks around the Abajana junction for quick towing away of broken down articulated vehicles along the highway,” he pleaded. The Unit Commander disclosed that he introduced a new strategy that worked well during the Christmas and New Year celebrations unlike the experience of 2020 when some commuters spent their Christmas at the Abajana junction. Odogiyon said that he hoped to improve upon it to ensure free traffic flow around the Abajana junction. He described as “very worrisome” and”discouraging”, the uncooperative postures of some motorists and residents of Zariagi Community towards FRSC personnel. According to him, “because of our resolve to get the desired results, we would not allow such behaviours to stop us from performing our lawful duty.” He explained that the primary duty of the corps is to make traffic easy for both motorists and commuters to enable them safely get to their destinations on time and accomplish their daily businesses. Odogiyon reminded the public that “road crash is not a respecter of anybody, irrespective of social status, which calls for strict adherence to traffic rules and regulations to avert it.” (NAN) By Kazeem Akande   Lagos  -   The Lagos Command, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) says it has deployed about 60 patrol vehicles, 1,500 regular marshals, 3,000 special marshals, 10 motorcyclists and two ambulances to various routes in the state. The Lagos State Sector Commander, FRSC, Mr Hyginus Omeje, told… In "Metro" ONITSHA - The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) on Friday identified traffic gridlock as an avenue for miscreants and criminals to operate on roads, especially federal highways in the country. The FRSC Sector Commander for Anambra State, Mr Sunday Ajayi, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Onitsha that… In "News" By Remi Bamgbose   Ore (Ondo State)                  -       The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) on Thursday urged drivers of Police and Army escort vehicles to stop the willful flouting of traffic rules on the Benin-Ore expressway. Mr Philip Ozonnandi,… In "Metro"