The All Progressive Congress, APC, Abia State, has elected a new state chairman to replace the late chairman of the party, Deacon Enyinnaya Harbour. Harbour died in November 2021, after his election as State chairman of the party. Chairman of the special state congress committee, Mr Babatunde Kolawole, disclosed that the national working committee of the APC had fixed the congress to fill the vacant position in the state executive committee of the party. He announced that Kingsley Ononogbu polled a total of 1,069 votes to clinch the chairmanship position. ALSO READ: 2023: We either go forward or continue in darkness — Abaribe In his acceptance speech, the newly elected state chairman, Chief Kingsley Ononogbu pledged to provide visionary leadership to the party and urged APC members to work assiduously to win the governorship and presidential seats for the party in the 2023 election. Sunday Vanguard observed that members of the Chief Donatus Nwankpa faction of the party such as Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, Chief Chris Adighije, Senator Nkechi Nwaogu , Dr. Alex Otti, among others were conspicuously absent during the congress ALTHOUGH the 2023 governorship election in Rivers state is still years ahead, gladiators in the state chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) have renewed the battle for the control of the party as part of efforts to brighten the chances of their preferred gubernatorial candidates in the forthcoming governorship… In "Politics" Abuja - There were strong indications on Sunday that in states where parallel congresses were held, the All Progressives Congress would recognise executive councils supported by incumbent governors in the APC states. A member of the party’s national caucus, who confided in one of our correspondents, also said in non-APC… In "Top Stories" All is now set for hitch-free ward congresses in Abia and Ebony on Saturday, the chieftains of the party have said. In Abia, the Chairman of the seven-member State Congress Committee, Rep. Israel Goli, gave assurance that the exercise would hold in the 184 wards of the state. He gave… In "Top Stories"