Four students of the University of Port Harcourt, who were kidnapped over the weekend, have regained their freedom.  Reports indicate that the students were returning from the Ahoada area of Rivers State before their abductors struck. It was also gathered that the victims had escaped from the kidnappers, on Wednesday morning, when a team of security operatives invaded the hideout with heavy firepower and engaged the kidnappers. The Public Relations Officer of the University, Sam Kpenu, while confirming the release of the four victims, said the students have since reunited with their families. Kpenu noted that the students had, as part of their academic exercise, gone to the Orashi area (Ahoada) to conduct vegetation sampling for their final year projects but were apprehended and whisked away while returning to the school. He said, “Four students of the University of Port Harcourt who were kidnapped last weekend have been released and reunited with their families. “Gbaa Nenubari, Asumbo Elizabeth, Eze Chimezie, and Onosigho Augustine were abducted on their way from the Orashi River where they had gone for a vegetation sampling for their final year project and postgraduate research work.” Kpenu hinted that while the Vice-Chancellor of the university, Professor Owunari Georgewill, received the four students in his office, he (the VC) commended the men of the Nigerian Police Force, the Chief Security Officer of the University and his men and the entire security agencies of Rivers and Bayelsa states for their timely and prompt intervention which led to the freedom of the students. The spokesman quoted the VC as saying, “We are happy that you are back unhurt and now reunited with your family and friends. We sympathise with you for what you went through at the hands of your abductors. We are glad to inform the public that two PhD students and two undergraduates, who were kidnapped, have regained their freedom. Meanwhile, the Vice-Chancellor urged all staff and students to be security conscious at all times, reiterating the resolve of his administration to always put at the front burner the safety and well-being of all students of the institution.   Source  By Moses Omorogieva Lagos  -   The Inspector-General of Police Intelligence Response Team (IRT) has captured s four suspected kidnappers in Port Harcourt, including a final year student of the University of Port Harcourt. The team also recovered some money collected by the kidnappers from their victim as ransom. A reliable… In "News" Abductors of a Rivers Monarch, HRM, Aaron Ikuru and a University Don, Dr. Jones Ayauwo are yet to establish contact with victims’ family members, four days after the incident. The police spokesman, Nnamdi Omoni, a Superintendent of police (SP), the University community and family members of the victims confirmed this… In "News" Abuja - Governments and relations of kidnap victims may have paid over N20billion as ransom in various parts of the country in the last two years. Information gleaned from an Intelligence Tracking Company in Nigeria also revealed that no part of the country was spared by the activities of the… In "Top Stories"