 No fewer than 100 women and youths in Ovia Federal Constituency of Edo on Saturday got starter packs aimed at making them economically self-reliant. Each beneficiary was given 50 live chickens, 12 bags of boiler starter mash and finisher, as well as some other items. The empowerment programme was facilitated by the representative of the constituency in the House of Representatives, Mr Dennis Idahosa of the All Progressives Congress (APC), in collaboration with the Nigerian Institute of Animal Science. The lawmaker said that distribution of the empowerment items, under the Strategic Empowerment of Youths and Women in Ovia, followed an intensive training programme on poultry which the beneficiaries attended. He noted that the objective was to make the beneficiaries to be self-sustaining in wealth creation and income generation. Idahosa reiterated his commitment to attract more empowerment programmes and development to the constituency. “You will recall that a few weeks ago I distributed motorcycles and vehicles to more than 180 members of my constituency. “I will continue to do my best to put smile on the faces of my people by attracting dividends of democracy to the people.” A beneficiary, Mrs Maureen Ekhoragbon, who described Idahosa as a ” transformational leader” said Ovia has never had it this good. She said aside making the women and youths to be entrepreneurs, the gesture would also boost their confidence. A chieftain of the APC, who is also a poultry farmer, Mr Amadin Enabulele, noted that the gesture was a sustainable empowerment programme for the youth and women. He said Idahosa has continued to positively impact on the development and growth of Ovia and its people. “We have had representatives in Ovia, but it has never been like this. Idahosa has changed the narrative. The coming election will be termed “Operation Show Your Results,” he stated. The distribution of the empowerment items was supervised by Mr Umoh Umoh, Zonal Development Officer, South-South Zone of the Nigerian Institute of Animal Science. (NAN) By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Selected entrepreneurs from Bende Federal Constituency on Tuesday benefited from the first phase of a skills acquisition and empowerment programme organized for the youth and women of Bende Federal Constituency in Abia State. The colourful event was put together by Project Development Institute… In "Metro" By Ahmed Ubandoma   Abuja -  The wife of the President Mrs Aisha Buhari, has restated her commitment towards poverty alleviation among women and youths across the country. Mrs Buhari said this in a statement made available to newsmen by her Director, information, Mr Suleiman Haruna, on Saturday in Abuja.… In "News" By Okeoghene Akubuike Abuja - No fewer than 40 persons living with disabilities and 188 youths and women from the Niger Delta region have received N300,000 each as empowerment package from the Federal Government. Mr Stephen Kilebi, Deputy Director, Press, Ministry Of Niger Delta Affairs, disclosed this in a statement… In "News"