January 29, 20 The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, General Secretary, South-West Zone, Chief Rahman Owokoniran, has congratulated Bisi Kolawole, who emerged the party’s flag bearer in the coming governorship election in Ekiti State. Chief Owokoniran said Kolawole’s emergence was symbolic of the efforts to put the party on the right footing, based on unity. He said Kolawole’s emergence and the entire primaries demonstrated the new PDP spirit. The Chairman of the Ekiti PDP gubernational primary election and Akwa Ibom State Governor, Mr. Udom Emmanuel, who announced the results, said Kolawole polled 671 to defeat Oni and other aspirants. Read it HERE. Reacting in a statement by his Publicity Secretary, Mabel Oboh, the PDP scribe said Kolawole’s victor was for the elders, stakeholder and others genuinely working for the party. “Kolawole’s emergence is victory for all the elders and stakeholders that have put in everything to forge a united front and build team spirit. “This is the only way to defeat the anti-people governance that has persisted in the state since 2018. “PDP now has a worthy candidate for a worthy cause,” Owokoniran said. He also paid homage to the Governor Udom Emmanuel(of Akwa Ibom State) led Ekiti PDP Gubernational Primary Election Committee. He said: “The transparency and credibility with which the Governor Udom Emmanuel-led Committee dispatched its duties is worth commending. “This is encouraging and signposts the benefits of internal democracy that PDP is known for.” In the statement, Owokoniran spoke on the coming election: “The primaries have come and gone. It’s a step towards the goal. “However, this is the time for all to display our unity and forge a common front for the sake of the good people of Ekiti State. “If we wish to really touch the people, we must do everything democratically possible to send All Progressives Congress, APC, away from the state. “It is a good opportunity to tell Nigerians we really wish to bring them out of the years of sorrow forced on them by a false change that’s turned out to be a mirage,” Mabel Oboh’s statement quoted Owokoniran as stating. 22 The Peoples Democratic Party has constituted a committee to screen aspirants for the June 18, 2022, Ekiti State governorship election. The screening exercise will hold on Monday, November 8, 2021, at the NWC Hall of the PDP national secretariat, Abuja at 10am. The members of the screening committee are, Sen.… In "Politics" An anointed candidate of former Gov. Ayodele Fayose of Ekiti, Mr Bisi Kolawole, has emerged the Governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the June 18 election in the state. Gov. Emmanuel Udom of Akwa-Ibom, who presided over the primary election on Wednesday in Ado-Ekiti declared Kolawole as… In "Politics" With Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo state now firmly in control of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the southwest ahead of the 2023 general elections, aggrieved chieftains of the party are left to grumble against his leadership of the party in the zone. Checks by The Nation revealed… In "Politics"