ONITSHA – Goods worth millions of naira were destroyed by a late-night fire that occurred at the plaza of the Onitsha Main Market in Anambra State on Wednesday. According to an eyewitnesses account, the fire also destroyed shops on the third floor of the three-storey building located near the main market. Our correspondent gathered that the fire was caused by an electrical fault. One of the traders in the market said the damage had already been done before the arrival of fire responders. She said, “We were calling the fire service and they have not responded. See how goods belonging to traders are being destroyed before their eyes,” she lamented. Confirming the incident, police spokesperson, Tochukwu Ikenga, said no life was lost in the incident. He said, “Preliminary investigation shows that the fire was caused by an electric spark and was put out by combined efforts of the police and fire service team. “The situation has been brought under control. The Commissioner of Police, Echeng Echeng advises the public to always take precautionary measures to avert such ugly incidents.” (The PUNCH) •Burnt Onitsha market stalls By Pamela Eboh Many traders are now counting their losses in the aftermath of the fire disaster of Wednesday, October 16, 2019. Apart from the destruction of people’s means of livelihood by the inferno, it took with it about eleven souls including a mother and child… In "Features" ONITSHA (ANAMBRA) - Goods and property worth over N300 million were destroyed in a fire [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"]outbreak in Onitsha, Anambra, on Friday, witnesses said. The fire, which burnt down a two-storey building at No. 9 Nweje Lane in Odoakpu area Onitsha, started around 1.30 p.m. The News Agency of Nigeria… In "News" LAGOS - Goods worth millions of Naira were on Monday destroyed at the popular Balogun Market on[pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] the Lagos Island, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. The fire which was said to have started at about 4 a.m. affected about five buildings but no casualty was [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"]… In "News"