By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Chairman of the All Progressive Congress (APC) in Plateau State, Hon. Rufus Bature has said he is confident that his party will win the forth coming bye election of Jos North/Bassa federal constituency, slated for February 26th by the Independent Electoral Commission (INEC). Bature said the ruling party has done well in the State by ensuring that the much eluded peace returns, adding that Governor Simon Lalong has also been prompt in paying salaries. “If what Governor Lalong has done is to restore and maintain peace as well as pay salaries, I think he has done well for the people of Plateau”. The APC Chairman stated this Wednesday in Jos, during a press briefing with journalists. According to him: “I am confident that APC will emerge victorious because of the level playing ground we provided for all the aspirants. People will speak through the vote at the primary election and by the grace of God the larger population will elect our party flag bearer come February 26th. “The party will be heading for indirect primary on February 1, for the eight candidates that bought forms and we will ensure that all candidates are given equal opportunities”, he said. On the forth coming APC National Convention coming up in Abuja in February, Bature said the State chapter of the party will grace the convention as a united house, saying that the much speculated factions by the opposition party, the PDP, does not exist. “There has never been a faction in the Plateau APC. It is just a few disgruntled people who felt they were not carried along because of the Congress that was held, but that not withstanding, we have brought everyone to the table and have resolved our issues internally”, the APC Chairman said. By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Plateau State chapter of the Peoples Democratic party (PDP), has threatened to drag the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC to courtif it fails to fix a date for the conduct of bye election for Jos North and Bassa federal constituency of the… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post ) -  Senator representing Plateau North in the National Assembly, Senator Jonah Jang, has dismissed his alleged indictment in the recent massacre of over 200 Berom in three local government areas of the state.   He described the allegation as ‘senseless and unreasonable’.  … In "News" By Polycarp Auta Jos - Ahead of the forthcoming governorship and state houses of ssembly elections slated for March 9, the PDP in Plateau has accused the APC of “plotting to rig the polls” . Chief Damishi Sango, the party’s Chairman in the state, made the allegation at a press… In "Politics"