American singer Chris Brown has been sued for allegedly raping a woman in a yacht. According to TMZ, the suit was filed by a choreographer, dancer, and musician identified only as Jane Doe. She is suing the music star for $20M, this is according to her lawyer. According to the suit, Brown invited Doe to music star P Diddy’s home on Miami’s Star Island. Doe in the suit claimed that she and Brown were on a yacht in the area and that Brown offered her a drink. According to the suit, Doe felt “a sudden, unexplained change in consciousness” after Brown filled her cup a second time. The music star then walked her to the bedroom, undressed her and raped her. She alleged that the singer sent her message the following morning and demanded she took Plan B. Doe’s lawyers said she didn’t report the crime at that time because she was still in medical school. Brown has had several legal dramas in the past, bordering on rape and sexual assault. From the famous assault on his ex-girlfriend, Rihanna, to being accused of rape during a visit to France, the music star has had his hand full with allegations.  (Pulse.ng)     By Justina Auta Abuja - R&B singer, Chris Brown, has been arrested in Paris following a rape accusation by a 24-year-old woman. French officials said Brown and two others were currently in custody after a woman filed a rape allegation in northwest Paris after meeting her in a nightclub, Fox… In "Entertainment" By Esther David Abuja - American singer and song writer, Christopher Maurice Brown a.k.a Chris Brown, has welcomed his second child with girlfriend, Ammika Harris. According to Times Miles Zone (TMZ), the music star and his girlfriend welcomed a baby boy. Although the singer has not out-rightly come out to… In "Entertainment" R n B singer, Chris Brown is currently under investigation after a woman accused him of physically assaulting her. According to TMZ, Law enforcement confirms police responded to the singer’s San Fernando Valley home over the weekend, where a woman claimed Chris Brown slapped her. The woman further claimed the… In "Entertainment"