The Indigenous People of Biafra has again confirmed Tuesday as a day for sit-at-home in the South-East.  The group said it gave the order following its leader, Nnamdi Kanu’s court proceedings coming up on January 18, 19 and 20, 2022 at the Umuahia High Court. It said the sit-at-home was for only January 18, while people are free to go about their normal activities on January 19 and 20. Confirming its stand on the order, the group’s Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, on Sunday, said, “Following our leader’s upcoming court proceedings on January 18, 19 and 20, 2022, we wish to remind Biafrans that there will be only sit-at-home on January 18 and not 19 and 20. “In keeping with our avowed solidarity with our leader, the entire South-East will be on lock down only on January 18 for obvious reasons.” He said anyone found enforcing sit-at-home on January 17 is a criminal and must be treated as such, saying that IPOB leadership had already cancelled it and it must be obeyed. The Anambra State Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr C-Don Adinuba, told our correspondent on Sunday that the government is not aware of any sit-at-home and that people should ignore it. Adinuba said despite government’s assurance to the people of adequate security, they have continued to observe the outlawed sit-at-home, saying that there is nothing the government can do as it cannot force the people out. He said, “Our position and the position of every government in the South-East is that people have to be law-abiding and comply with the law. The government has provided adequate security needed and it is now left for them to go about their normal business but whereby they have refused, the government cannot force them to come out.” Anambra, police embolden stranded travellers as sit-at-home stops holidaying commutersAn Onitsha resident, Mrs Comfort Nnachi, a civil servant, expressed her excitement, saying that the exercise would enable her rest very well and carry out some house chores. Travellers have besieged various motor parks in Anambra in a bid to escape being trapped on those days. The Onitsha River Niger bridge head was on a total standstill on Sunday as a result of heavy vehicular movements and high volume of passengers. Before Sunday, transport operators charged between N12, 000 to N15, 000 for a trip to Lagos, but on Sunday, they were charging as much as N25, 000 for a trip to Lagos.  Source The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) on Saturday, said that there will be no sit- at-home on Wednesday, 19th and Thursday 20th January 2022. A statement by IPOB’s Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful, entitled, “There will be no sit-at-home, in Biafra land on January Wednesday 19th and Thursday 20th,… In "Top Stories" Abuja - Governor of Ebonyi State, Dave Umahi, has said that the secessionist agitation of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra has been hijacked by criminals and kidnappers. The governor also said that the proscribed group is no longer in control of the whole agitation as a result of the… In "Top Stories" IPOB spokesman, Emma Powerful, said Southeast governors cannot stop the sit-at-home order in the region. Speaking with DAILY POST, Powerful said the sit-at-home order was the only way people of the region can express their displeasure over the brutality by the Nigerian security agents in the Southeast. He re-emphasised that… In "News"