KADUNA – President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday recalled how Boko Haram terrorists “wanted to blow me”, saying that he survived because “my escort somehow stopped them”. He spoke while commissioning a bridge in Kaduna in an area where he was almost killed by Boko Haram terrorists in 2014. The President, at the time an aspirant, was caught in an explosion at the busy Kawu market area. Although he escaped unhurt, his vehicle, a Toyota Land Cruiser, and another one behind it were badly damaged, reports at the time said. “I have lived in Kaduna for many years; I am very much aware of this route. I would not recall how much I crossed it and you told me how there was an attempt on my life on this route,” Buhari said while commissioning the bridge. During the commissioning of the bridge, Kaduna State Governor Nasir El-Rufai had recalled the incident. He said: “It is my great honour and privilege, Mr President, to bring you to the Kawu Flyover.  Mr President will recall this bridge very well because it was just under this bridge that Boko Haram tried to kill you,” the governor said at the event. “By the grace of God, you are still alive, you are with us and God preserved you so that you will lead us and inspire us to do some of what we are doing.” While responding, Buhari, who is on a two-day visit to the northwest state to commission some projects, thanked God for sparing his life. Aside from the commissioning, Buhari also visited the palace of Alhaji Muhammadu Isa 11, the Emir of Jama’a, where he reiterated his commitment efforts to tackling insecurity. According to him, his government has made tremendous strides in fighting insecurity in the northeast. “If Nigerians want to be fair to this administration, they should find out on what we campaigned for in 2015 and 2019. The security situation then, where we are now, and what we hope to hand over in 2023. “If you want an honest report, try and ask people from the northeast, especially from Borno State,” he said. Buhari noted that he hopes “to hand over a better Nigeria than the one we inherited”. (Channels TV) The spate of insecurity in the country assumed a more dangerous dimension on Monday as Boko Haram insurgents made inroads into Niger State and gunmen killed two students of Greenfield University in Kaduna state. Also on Monday, the Vice-Chancellor of the Federal University of Agriculture, Makurdi, Benue State, Professor Richard… In "News" Following the kidnap of 140 pupils of Bethel Baptist College, Kaduna, the leadership of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), on Tuesday said President Muhammadu Buhari has lost grip of leadership. CAN President, Rev. Samson Ayokunle in a statement issued in Abuja while reacting to the incident expressed shock and… In "News" THE Nigerian Bar Association in an audacious move and a very classic naming and shaming act has withdrawn its invitation to Kaduna State governor, Nasir el-Rufai, to speak at its conference following protests from some lawyers. The tweet on Thursday announcing the decision read, “The National Executive Committee of the… In "Opinion"