By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed concern over loss of lives in the country, assuring that Nigeria would continue to invest in the firepower needed to fight insecurity. This was contained in his 2022 New Year speech. According to the president, his administration is working with international partners and neighbouring countries, and they would “deploy multi-faceted solutions that will be targeted at addressing human security at the grassroots, before it leads to insecurity”. While commiserating with families who lost their lost ones, the president said Nigeria would continue to invest in the firepower needed to fight insecurity. He said, “I would like to take a moment to remember and honour the gallant Military, Police Officers, and other security agents who have lost their lives in the cause of protecting the territorial integrity of this Nation against both internal and external aggressors, assuring their families that their sacrifices would not be in vain,” he said. “We equally remember and commiserate with Nigerians who have lost loved ones as a result of insecurity in different parts of the country. Every life matters and every single death caused by any form of insecurity is a matter of personal concern to me both as a citizen and as the President of this great country. “The persistent insecurity in certain parts of the country may have threatened to unravel the incremental gains achieved in the real sectors of the economy and in the administration’s overall objective to position the nation on the irreversible trajectory of sustainable growth and progress, but I assure you that we will remain resolute in our commitments and shall continue to press ahead with our programmes and plans. “The path to nationhood is often fraught with unpredictable difficulties and challenges, and most tried and tested nations have often prevailed through dogged determination, resilience, concerted commitment to unity, and the conviction that the whole of the nation, standing together against all odds, is by far greater and would ultimately be more prosperous and viable than the sum of its distinguishable parts. “There is no doubt that the issue of security remains at the front burner of priority areas that this administration has given utmost attention to. “As a follow up to our promise to re-energise and reorganise the security apparatus and personnel of the armed forces and the police, it is on record that this Administration has invested heavily in re-equipping our military in line with upgrading the platforms and firepower required to tackle the current challenges being faced in the country. “The net results of these efforts have been the number of insurgents and bandits who have willingly surrendered to our security forces and continue to do so through various channels and the safe corridor created for that purpose.” By Naomi Sharang Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday said his administration was tackling the challenges of insecurity in the country with superior strategy, firepower and resolve. Buhari made this known in his Democracy Day address to the nation in Abuja, and recalled that when his administration assumed office… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Governor of Bayelsa State, Henry Seriake Dickson has described the current spate of violence and senseless killings, particularly in the Northern part of the country as the biggest threat to the nation’s cooperate existence, since after the civil war. He faulted the nation’s lopsided federal… In "News" By Adekunle Williams and Solomon Asowata   Lagos   -     A former Governor of Abia, Dr Orji Kalu, on Wednesday said Nigeria was now being respected by the international community due to the integrity of President Muhammadu Buhari and his efforts to re-position the country. Kalu, who made… In "News"