The Accountant General of the Federation (AGF), Alhaji Idris Ahmed, says President Muhammadu Buhari administration’s financial reform is yielding positive dividendsAhmed also said that it has recorded commendable achievement in the management of scarce resources since assumption of office in 2015. He spoke at his investiture as the 1st President, Post Chartered and Chairman of Council of the Chartered Institute of Treasury Management (CITM), on Friday in Abuja. Ahmed said reforms such as the Treasury Single Account (TSA), IPPIS and GIFMIS, among others, had helped the government to maximise scarce resources in the last few years.“When I was appointed as the AGF by Buhari, my team and I were determined to infuse a lot of vibes into the numerous Public Finance Management (PFM) reform initiatives.“ The primary objective of the PFM reforms is to ensure the sustenance of a stable fiscal position of the Federal Government that will engender efficient delivery of public goods and services transparently.“It is on record that the present administration has demonstrated a very strong will and commitment in its drive for managing scarce resources for public good,” according to him. Speaking on the institute, Ahmed said that the journey to achieve the legal charter was a very difficult one, adding however that the diligence and tenacity of the founding fathers paid off. He said that the passage and assent of the Chartered Institute of Treasury Management (Establishment) Act, 2021  would also help the sector. Ahmed promised to build a world class professional treasury personnel that would be conversant with complexities of modern treasury management. The AGF said the treasury personnel would efficiently manage public, corporate and private treasuries as the case may be. He said “as the President and Chairman of Council of CITM, I will lean on the noble objectives of the Institute and our cognate experiences in managing the Federal Treasury.“ Attention will also be paid to treasury management issues in the sub-national governments, especially the Local Governments”. By Stanley Nwanosike     Enugu   -    The Jigawa Government on Thursday said the state had generated more than N10 billion as Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) in 2017. The Accountant General of the state, Alhaji Haruna Ahmed-Amin, disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Enugu. Ahmed-Amin spoke… In "News" By Folasade Folarin Abuja -   Mr Ahmed Idris, The Accountant – General of the Federation (AGF), says automation of non-oil revenue collection is the way best way to go for Nigeria. He said this on Tuesday at the on-going 2018 National Council On Finance and Economic Development (NACOFED) holding… In "Business" President Buhari faults the words and phrases used in two National Assembly bills  AGF Malami honours Senate panel over Maina investigation President Muhammadu Buhari has turned down two bills forwarded to him by the National Assembly. The president in two separate letters to the Senate on Tuesday, November 21, said… In "Top Stories"