Mabel Tamunotonye Green also known as Mimi Green with the stage name Gussy Baby, from Bonny Local Government Area in Rivers State, Nigeria, has come a long way as a female music artist. In a recent chat with Potpourri she declared she cannot use her endowment as a woman to promote her music. The Hip-hop and dance-hall artist who has to her credit two albums and 3 singles, opened up to Potpourri in a quickie session. “ I believe it is wrong to use your God-given endowment as a woman to promote your music because it kills your self-respect. For me, it is not good, it can kill your brand. I can’t flaunt my endowment to sell my music,” she declared. Gussy Baby added that a female artist doesn’t need to go the extreme to blow, as they say in the industry. According to her, all it takes is hard work and the grace of work “It doesn’t take much for a female artist to blow. You just have to stay true to your own unique style, make good songs and have a nice voice. Of course be beautiful and sexy without going over the edge and if you have a record label that could sell you out there, that’s a big plus good but if you don’t have , you have to work hard and put in work … in order to promote yourself better,” she averred. Gussy Baby dreams of collaboration with artists like Simi, Olamide, Don Jazzy Rihanna and Fireboy. Nollywood actress, Judith Nneji, has said it’s wrong to flaunt one’s endowment as it can attract the wrong set of people. She made this known during a recent chat with Vanguard Potpourri, where she said the social media trend of flaunting one’s endowment on social media is wrong, as it… In "Opinion" Chubby and chic Nollywood actress, Innocenthia Sochi Ihebie has disclosed to Potpourri in a chat that she didn’t come into the movie industry enchanted with some fantasies as some actresses were. The English Language graduate of the National Open University admits she knows her limits, weaknesses and strengths and that… In "Entertainment" Abuja - Fans of Nigeria’s famous hip-hop star and singer, Seyi Shay, have congratulated the star on her new endorsement deal with the Middle Eastern telecommunications company, Samsson Group. The star was made the official brand ambassador at the Samsson headquarters in Lagos, on Wednesday and has also been signed… In "Entertainment"