BY SHAIBU IDRIS MIQATI As the saying goes there is a time to live and there is also a time to leave! Such is the story of every human being. When I received the sad news of the passing away of a dear friend and boss, it was to say the least devastating, painful and indeed extremely difficult to come to terms with. However, as Muslims, we say From Him; Allah, we all came from and to Him we shall all return! It was in 1987 while working with a merchant bank that I came to know Alhaji Sani Dangote as a customer of the bank. Himself and his two brothers; Alhaji Aliko and late Alhaji Bello were running the then family business and were coming to transact business with the bank. As a young banker, I was saddled with the responsibilities of managing the relationship as an account officer. The relationship between the bank and the customers involved funding of imports and exports. Export of cocoa, gum Arabic, cotton Llint etc and imports of items such as sugar, flour, salt etc. It was an excellent relationship as the customer was regular in timely repayment of facilities extended. Businesses were expanding and the relationship became even more personal beyond banker/customer relationship. Sani Gote, as he was foundly called by friends and associates, would come to the bank, full of energy, dynamism and passion. He made meticulous presentation of transactions requiring either financial support or simple advice. In most instances we had little, very little indeed to add to the ideas and thought processes brought by Alhaji Sani. The level of intellectual pedigree, the researching of materials on subject matter and the support documents usually prepared and submitted by Alhaji Sani amazed many. Sani, although by any standard, a silver spoon personality, moved about and around with gentlity, humility and esteem. Sani moved with grace, poise and dignity. He greeted everyone he came  across irrespective of age or knowledge of the person. Even his enemies, if at all he had any would attest to this fact.Alhaji Sani, a devout Muslim, consummate family man, bridge builder, a glue that stitches ties and a peace maker at all times, never engaged in unnecessary arguments. You will have discussions with Sani but not arguement. He held on his view point with reasons and never yielded ground until you see reasons with his position. Such was Alhaji Sani’s way of life. Often times in the face of superior position of facts, he yielded only after he had been  sufficiently convinced about reasons adduced. His ways of reasoning can best be described as that of an inquisitive researcher or natural/pure science expert. Methodological, persuasive, somewhat an introvert of sort, Sani seldom raised his voice, kind hearted and tolerant, extremely tolerant indeed. I can claim to be one of the few subordinates of Alhaji Sani that he listened to often. I had a measure of influence on him as my suggestions were almost always considered by him some times even against his wish because of the respect I earned from him over the years. We related extremely well, fairly close while I was with the bank and even after I left banking. A transaction that brought us even closer was while with the bank I was assigned the responsibility to sell a delinquent asset (a textile factory) and I suggested to the family to buy the textile company located in Kano that was distressed. After several efforts to convince the brother, Alhaji Aliko Dangote to buy the company (he was happy with his trading business then!) and venture into industrial production, the family agreed to buy the plant which signalled their foray into manufacturing business. Alhaji Aliko, the elder brother and zion of the business empire, left the running of the textile firm to Alhaji Sani and he was coming regularly for one thing or another from the bank. This transaction and the running of the textile factory brought us so close that we were seeing almost daily! We were visiting Kano regularly and this afforded us an opportunity to visit his mother often together and as such I became an “adopted member” of the family. Somehow, in 2002 after several efforts to get me work for their company, I agreed to work for Dangote Group. He was elated and happy that although I didn’t join them earlier on after couple of offers either in the company or in Liberty Bank, a bank they used own, I finally joined the family to add my bit to the development of an African giant. Few years after joining the Group, there was a need to post me to his office as Special Adviser/Assistant. While in that capacity, I helped raise funds to set up Dansa Juice, Alsan Insurance Brokerage Company and a host of other factories. I also enjoyed his benovolence as Alhaji Sani made me a member of the board of Dmdirectors of some of these companies such as Alsan Insurance Brokers, Nasal Insurance etc. Alhaji Sani, a true Nigerian, detribalised, international and intercontinental, touched several lives by his ways of dealing with individuals. Sani was always ready to help, he listened to people, offered alternative solutions and views, interrogated issues and formed opinion. Sani intervened in matters relating to family, business, government and anything that was brought to his attention. When it came to loyalty, respect and obedience, Alhaji Sani was a shining example and a role model. He respected elders and the level of obedience he gave may not be common these days even among our children. He was unashamedly proud to flaunt and speak about his obedience and loyalty to his elders even at public functions. Sani spoke the truth to government whenever there was a need to so do! To family members and friends, Sani was loyal to a fault. He provided support, assistance and accommodation whenever and wherever possible and or requested for sometimes even at his discomfort. Sani hand-delivered a business idea he conceived, nurtured and developed to a relation and moved on. In fact Sani was an encyclopedia of business ideas! He often interceded between persons (workplace colleagues) and his brothers (particularly the younger ones) or amongst family members because of the respect he commanded within the family as a result of being just, fair and equitable. He had listening ears to all, powerful, mighty and the not so mighty or powerful. Sani’s attention to details was extraordinary despite being busy, very busy indeed. He was organised, structured and process-driven. This earned him the nickname of “Bakin Bature” or “Nisara” meaning English man. Such qualities are extremely rare and in short supply today, at least not from people of his calibre. Even after I left the services of Dangote Group, we remained close and on several occasions he would invite me for discussions on issues pertaining to business and other matters. I served as a technical person when Alhaji Sani together with Mr Emmanuel Ijewere midwifed the setting up of Nigeria Agri Business Group (NABG) which served as adviser to governments on agricultural issues. This was to underscore his desire, passion and enthusiasm for Nigeria to feed itself. I  can recall when Dr Akinwumi Adesina, the then Minister of Agriculture, wanted a decent and competent person to be appointed as Managing Director of Bank of Agriculture, he requested Alhaji Sani Dangote to help source the candidate. Alhaji Sani reached out to me to help with the head hunting exercise. I got candidates and Alhaji Sani without seeing or speaking with any of the candidates gave the names to the Honourable Minister. He never asked me where the candidates were from, language they spoke or the religion they practised! One of them got the job. Several months after the appointment, the person neither called nor paid a visit to Alhaji Sani as a mark of appreciation. But this didn’t bother him. He said to me “my concerns are he is happy with the job and that he is delivering as expected.” The death of Alhaji Sani Dangote is a personal loss to me. It is certainly not a loss to his immediate family alone but a loss to mankind nay humanity. I spoke to him few weeks to his death and we were full of hope that he would recover. One of the companies under his management had a change of directors and he retained me as one of the directors of the company! It has taken me such a long time to write these few lines because everytime I sat by my computer, I got bogged down by the  loss! We have  lost a rare gem, a peace maker, a pillar and supporter of the family. No doubt, many misunderstood Sani, mistook him for what he was not and treated him unfairly. He persevered in face of torrent from several quarters and yet never held grudges as even we had cause to discuss people’s actions towards him, he would say “leave them with their thoughts!”. May Allah in His infinite mercies forgive Alhaji Sani Dangote all his sins and grant him aljannah firdaus. Amin. By Olawunmi AshafaLagos. -. The President of the Dangote Group, Alhaji Aliko Dangote, says availability of consumer credit facility is an important option in fighting corruption in the country. Dangote said this on Saturday in Lagos at a consultative roundtable titled, “Going for Growth” with some economic stakeholders. He said… In "News" By Yunus Yusuf Lagos - The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has reteirated its readiness to facilitate access to foreign exchange by Nigerian companies that wanted to import equipments to ease business growth in the country. The CBN Governor, Mr Godwin Emefiele, said this on Sunday during an inspection of… In "Business" Dangote To Become Largest Rice Exporter By 2021- Adesina By Nse Anthony-Uko ABUJA, (Sundiata Post) - President, African Development Bank (AfDB), Dr Akinwunmi Adesina says billionaire businessman, Aliko Dangote (www.Dangote.com), may become the largest exporter of rice in the world by 2021. Speaking at the Mo Ibrahim Forum in Morocco… In "Business"