By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – International Federation of Women Lawyers (FIDA) Nigeria has organised a 3-day retreat for its National Executive Officers and Staff in Abuja. The objective of the retreat which held from 13th to 16th January was to critically review current operations and performance whilst identifying critical areas requiring refocusing. It also allowed formal interaction by the new National Executive Committee with the new FIDA Nigeria Program Officers both at the national and state levels. The retreat helped to build the capacity of staff whilst familiarizing them with FIDA Nigeria goals and policies and strengthening their capacity for effective engagement and project implementation. It served as an orientation for the newly recruited staff. Declaring open the Retreat on Thursday, 13th January 2021, the Country Vice President, Mrs. Amina Suzanah Agbaje in her opening remarks welcomed the National Executive Committee and staff, while expressing her immense gratitude for the contributions and continuous efforts made in striving towards promoting FIDA Nigeria’s developmental goals ensuring positive impact across the Nigerian society. In attendance were the National Executive officers as; Deputy Country Vice President, Evelyn Membere – Asimiea, National Secretary Eliana Martins, Assistant National Secretary Beatrice Abongye Awah, National Financial Secretary Olubunmi Niyi-Arajuwa, National Treasurer Chineze Obianyo and National Publicity Secretary/ Editor Mrs. Christiana Oyanvutu Adejumo. Others are: National Ex Officio (CVP Emeritus) Rhoda Prevail Tyoden, ably led by the Country Vice President Mrs. Amina Suzanah Agbaje. Also, erudite speakers such as Chief Mrs. Victoria Awomolo SAN and Chief Moji Makanjuola MFR, were also in attendance to deliver papers in key areas. The retreat in addition, enabled a Strategic Session involving departmental (Program, Litigation, Monitoring & Evaluation, Accounts, Communications/IT and Admin) presentations by various heads of department. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The 2019 International Federation of Women Lawyers (FIDA) Africa Regional Congress which started on the 11th of October came to a colorful end on 15th October, 2019 with a dinner and award night held at the Transcorp Hilton Hotel, Abuja. Earlier before the… In "Top Stories" By Joan Nwagwu Abuja  -   The Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige, has urged organised labour to explore the social security opportunities in the Employees Compensation Act for the benefit of workers. Ngige spoke in Abuja on Thursday when he declared open a two-day retreat for top management… In "News" By Bassey Bassey Uyo -   The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) says it is promoting the policy of selective migration that opens the country’s borders to genuine investors across the world. The NIS Comptroller-General, CGI Muhammad Babandede, said this on Friday in Uyo while fielding questions from newsmen during the… In "Business"