Kidnapped traditional ruler in Plateau State, Da Gyang Balak, has been rescued by troops of Operation Safe Haven.  The PUNCH had reported that Balak, who is the paramount ruler of Vwang District in Jos South Local Governement Area, was abducted on Sunday night while driving home along the road close to the National Institute of Policy and Strategic Studies in the locality. It was learnt the kidnapped monarch was freed on Monday night. The Military Information Officer of Operation Safe Haven, Major Ishaku Takwa, confirmed the release of the traditional ruler in a statement on Tuesday. Takwa said, “Immediately the incidence was reported, the commander Operation SAFE HAVEN Major General Ibrahim Ali placed the troops of Sector 6 deployed at Riyom on red alert and to embark on hot trail of the perpetrators. “Consequently, the troops in conjuction with other security agencies, Vigilante group and Hunters conducted clearance operations in the mountenious region of Sabon Gida Kanal, Gero and Dahol general area. Two suspects were arrested at an abandoned building during the operation. “This development led to the release of the paramount ruler by his abductors. He has been united with his family. “While commending the troops for their swift response, the commander operation SAFE HAVEN, Maj Gen Ibrahim Ali, appreciate the efforts of the Vigilante, the Hunters group and all who provided useful information to security agencies during the operation. He further urged the law abiding citizens to be security conscious and always observe and report any suspicious movement of persons in their area.”  Source HRH. Da Gyang Balak Gut, the Da Gwom Rwei of Vwang District of Jos South Local Government has been abducted by unknown gunmen. The military task force responsible for the maintenance of peace in the state, code-named Operation Safe Haven (OPSH), has confirmed the abduction. His abduction comes barely three… In "News" Troops of the Special Task Force, Operation Safe Haven (OPSH) maintaining peace in Plateau and environs, have rescued two kidnap victims from their abductors. Maj. Ishaku Takwa, the Media Officer of the task force made the disclosure in a  statement on Tuesday in Jos. Takwa said the rescued victims are … In "Security" By Chijioke Kingsley JOS - Some members of the Nigerian Police Intelligence Response Team (IRT), have lost their lives while chasing and exchanging gunfire with a notorious gang of six kidnappers in Mangu Local Government Area of Plateau State, a statement from the Special Military Task Force (STF), in Jos, has… In "News"