The Nigeria LNG Ltd (NLNG) has debunked an online advertisement announcing vacancies for its Train 7 Project positions. The NLNG made this known in a statement issued by Mr Andy Odeh, General Manager, External Relations and Sustainable Development, on Wednesday in Lagos. The statement noted that the advertisement had requested interested persons to join WhatsApp groups created for the purpose of processing such employment. “NLNG expressly disassociates itself from the advertisement and hereby informs the general public that the said advertisement or any others along the same line are false, fraudulent and calculated to mislead unsuspecting members of the public. “Neither NLNG nor its contractors have commenced recruiting for the Train 7 Project, for which construction activities are yet to commence. “Members of the public are urged to exercise due diligence and caution at all times in evaluating and verifying any claims made by persons purporting to act on behalf of NLNG,” it said. The statement expressly advised the general public not to make any financial commitment in relation to any such claims. It said that neither NLNG nor its contractors for the Train 7 Project – a consortium comprising Saipem, Chiyoda and Daewoo (‘SCD JV’) which is exclusively responsible for managing all aspects of the Train 7 Projects – would make such demands. “Individuals and companies interested in pursuing opportunities on the Train 7 Project are once again encouraged to visit the contractor’s website for the correct details on how to do business with the consortium. “This can be done through this link: http://qualifymng.saipem.com/Released/Home.aspx or Nigeria LNG’s website, www.nigerialng.com or www.nlng.com. “NLNG’s social media handles (@nigeriaLNG on Twitter, nigerialng on Instagram; and Nigeria LNG Ltd. pages on Facebook and Linkedin), national newspapers and electronic media are also sources of credible information regarding NLNG’s Train 7 project. “NLNG expressly disclaims any liability for any losses incurred by any person(s) as a result of reliance on such fraudulent advertisements, communications, e-mails or publications,” the statement said. LAGOS (Sundiata Post) - A non-governmental or­ganisation, the Commi­ttee for the Defence ­of National Interests­ (CODNI), has warned ­against alleged secre­t moves by the Nation­al Assembly to hurrie­dly amend Act establi­shing the Nigeria Liq­uified Natural Gas (N­LNG) before the end o­f this week. The warn­ing was contained in ­a statement… In "News" $25bn investment in NLNG 7&8 18,000 jobs reputational risks for future investment The Senate has been urged to consider the implications of the trade-off the country will make to amend the Nigeria LNG Act, which include foregoing $25billion investments in LNG Train 7 and 8, loss of investor confidence in… In "Business" By Chinyere Bassey Lagos  -  Oil and gas workers have rejected the proposed amendment of the Nigeria Liquefied Natural Gas (NLNG) (Fiscal Incentives, Guarantees and Assurances) Act by the House of Representatives as unnecessary. The workers, under the aegis of Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association of Nigeria (PENGASSAN),… In "News"