The Federal Capital Territory Agriculture and Rural Development Secretariat has revealed plan to ensure adequate security to track the movement of tractors to prevent them from being taken outside the territory. The Mandate Secretary for the secretariat, Alhaji Abubakar Ibrahim, made the disclosure in a statement by Mr Zakari Aliyu, the Deputy Director of Information at the secretariat, on Sunday in Abuja. Ibrahim explained that the measure was part of strategy put in place by the FCT Administration to revive the tractor hiring scheme in the nation’s capital. The secretary during an interaction with Agric Field Engineers at the secretariat central workshop in Gwagwalada, expressed concerns of the administration in floating the scheme, which had not been successful in the past. He said that FCT Administration was aware of the critical role the provision of the tractors could play in boosting food production. ” That is why the administration made provisions in the 2022 budget to procure a total of 12 tractors, which will be fitted with tracking devices to monitor the use and locations of the tractors. ” This will ensure that FCT farmers benefit from the programme,” Ibrahim said. He assured that the secretariat would also consider the provision of other agricultural machineries to farmers as a strategy to improve food production and guarantee food security. ” The FCT Administration is not only looking into the provision of the tractors but also other agricultural machineries that will enhance productivity. ” We are equally aware of the need for maintenance which is why we will be investing in training our engineers to ensure that all our inputs and machineries are efficiently managed,” he said. Earlier, the Executive Chairman of Gwagwalada Area Council, Mr Mustapha Danze described the visit to the central worksop as an eye opener for the council. He assured that the area council would key into the initiative of the secretariat. Plans Massive Upgrade Of Agric Centres ABUJA, (Sundiata Post) – A s part of the ongoing efforts to boost food production in the FCT and also fast track the country’s economic recovery, the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has flagged off the sales of subsidized inputs to farmers in the… In "Business" ABUJA, (Sundiata Post) – The FCT Administration has said that about 9,000 farmers in the FCT have so far been registered to participate in the CBN Anchor Borrowers programme. The Acting Secretary, FCT Agriculture and Rural Development Secretariat, Dr Musa A. Aliyu who made this disclosure during a press briefing on… In "Business" By Salisu Sani-Idris   Abuja  -The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA), on Tuesday in Abuja expressed determination to ensure adequate food supply to cushion the effects of COVID-19 on residents. Mr Ibe Chukwuemeka, acting Secretary, Agriculture and Rural Development Secretariat, FCT, gave the assurance at the inauguration ceremony of the… In "News"