The Vice President of the World Assembly of Youths  (WAY), Mr Preye Ketebu-Brown, on Sunday urged the Executive Secretary of Nigeria Content Development and Monitoring Board (NCDMB), Mr Simbi Wabote, to ignore smear campaigns against him. Ketebu-Brown described allegations of breach of the Code of Conduct for public office holders against Wabote as frivolous, as the clarifications of compliance by him was already in public domain. Ketebu-Brown, who spoke in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Yenagoa, said that it is regrettable that rather than applaud the feats achieved by Wabote, some people in the Niger Delta region have resorted to falsehood. He wondered why Wabote, who midwifed the growth of Nigerian Content in the oil and gas sector to current level of about 35 per cent and a roadmap to hit 70 per cent by 2027, would be distracted. The youth leader noted that the reappointment of Wabote for a second term of four years by President Muhamadu Buhari in 2020 was a testimony of his capacity displayed during his first tenure. According to him, the President, in the statement announcing Wabote’s reappointment, acknowledged his prudent management of the US$200 million Nigerian Content Intervention Fund and its impact on the oil and gas sector. “Recent smear campaigns against Wabote, will only result in distracting efforts at accelerating development of the Niger Delta and Bayelsa State in particular. “From ensuring the completion of the NCMDB headquarters by local contractors, to boosting of local tourism and hospitality industry in Bayelsa, Wabote has, beyond doubt, shown great commitment to growing the economy of Bayelsa. “His administration at the NCMDB has led several positive interventions in strategic social sectors across Bayelsa State and beyond, thereby benefiting many within and outside the Oil and Gas industry. “I call on positive- and progressive-minded youths and indeed leaders of the Niger Delta to look out for such characters in the mould of Engr. Simbi Wabote and appreciate their efforts, celebrate them and support them with prayers. “We must resist the temptation of distracting our public officials with unsubstantiated controversies. “The loss of any political office holder will be our collective loss as a people. Political office holders must always put the people first in the manner and style of Engr. Simbi Wabote, who is an inspiration and mentor to youths,” Ketebu-Brown said. By Nathan Nwakamma   Yenagoa    -    The Niger Delta Youths Coalition for Peace and Progress (NDYCPP) on Tuesday applauded the Nigeria Liquefied Natural Gas (NLNG) for its involvement of Nigerians in its Train-7 expansion project. . Mr Tiedor Olayinka, President of the coalition, made the commendation in an interview with… In "Business" Lagos,  -  The Nigerian Content Development and Monitoring Board (NCDMB) has said that 37.5 per cent of vessels operating in the Nigerian Oil and Gas industry are owned by Nigerians. The Executive Secretary of NCDMB, Mr Simbi Wabote, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "Business" By Cecilia Ijuo Abuja -   The Senate Joint Committee on Petroleum Resources (Upstream) and Gas Resources, has commenced investigation into the implementation of local content in the oil and gas industry in the country. Opening the session of an investigative hearing on the issue on Tuesday in Abuja, President… In "Top Stories"