BY ABRAHAM JONAH, Managing Editor, Middle East Operations The Indian educational landscape has witnessed beautiful developments in recent times as international leaders and captains of industry powered by wealth of strategic knowledge garnered over the years have been driven in the wheels of their passion to affect the nation to an enviable height. One of such captains is Dr. Mohan Lal Agarwal, President, Indo Gulf Management Association (IGMA) and Advisory Board member, Gulf American University. He is also a US Fulbright Fellow, Boston, EFMD Fellow at ESSEC Business School Paris, and British Council Fellow, London. Mohan will be staging three TV special shows on Indian Budget 2022 open to co-researchers, educationists, analysts and experts in economics and business with excellent knowledge and communication to join speakers. The shows will be holding on Saturday, January 29, February 5, 12, 2022, 10-30am to 12noon Indian time, on the topic captions “What to expect from the Indian Budget-22”, “Implications of the Indian Budget-22”, and “India time NRIs in the Indian Budget-22”. His shows have huge viewership and promise to be more educative by the day. His teaching portfolio includes leading business schools of India, USA, Australia, Dubai, Denmark and Canada. He is an award-winning teacher and case researcher in brand marketing, AI and other Innovations, and, services marketing and customer relationship management. He has published about 80 articles, research papers and cases in international journals, conferences and forums. He is an active corporate trainer with such clients as Bosch India China & Japan, Emirates NBD Bank, Landmark UAE; Hatton National Bank in Sri Lanka, Tata Group, Birla Group, Reliance Group, NTPC, ONGC, Gail, and 80 other client organisations in India, USA, China, Canada, Singapore, India and UAE. Mohan has hosted shows in collaboration with Lal Goel of the Organ Donation India Foundation & GYAN, and notable professors, and is ranked among the 251 Most Fabulous Global Education Leaders. From Abraham Jonah, Managing Editor, Middle East Operations The recently concluded 2018 International Conference on Business and Economics (ICBE2018) and the 14th International Conference of Korea Distribution Science Association (KODISA) and Allied Academies held in June 25-27, 2018, Seoul, South Korea was one of such platforms where researchers whose abstracts… In "Features" •Prof. Mohan Agarwal delivering his speech From Abraham Jonah,Middle East Managing Editor DUBAI - It was a memorable time for students of Gulf American University, United Arab Emirates as a befitting graduation ceremony was held for them successfully completing their bachelor, masters and doctoral degrees in various fields including business… In "Education" By Ijendu Iheaka   Aba   -    The Indian High Commissioner to Nigeria, Shri Nagabhushana Reddy says that country has invested more than 74 million dollars on projects in Nigeria this year. Reddy made this known in Aba on Sunday during the Indian Universities Alumni Association, Aba Chapter symposium and cultural… In "News"