Samuel Ortom, the Governor of Benue State, has disclosed that he was barred from having access to President Muhammadu Buhari.  Ortom said he was barred from having access to Buhari due to his constant criticism of the current administration’s bad policies. Speaking at the state’s Government House in Makurdi, Benue State, the governor lamented that Buhari’s policies are bad. The governor also described Buhari’s administration as that of “419.” He described the rice pyramid in Abuja as “419,” used to deceive Nigerians. According to Ortom: “Since I have been barred from seeing the president, I always speak to the press to tell him until the day he will call me but I will still tell him the truth as I have always told him.” The governor disclosed that Benue State is not benefitting from Buhari’s administration. He said the government should fight insecurity and expunge killer herders so farmers can return to their farms rather than deceiving Nigerians with rice pyramids. “All those 419 rice pyramids will not help Nigeria. How can you explain to me that you pack 5000 sacks of rice and put them in a pyramid and say you have done something. “Those people are deceiving you. From the Central Bank to all those other people, they are deceitful. They are 419; they are telling you lies,” Ortom added.  Source Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue state has accused the Presidency of shutting him out of the Statehouse, Abuja and preventing him from seeing President Muhammadu Buhari, because of criticizing his administration. Ortom, who spoke after signing the reviewed controversial anti-open grazing, ranching and prohibition Law 2017 of the state, said… In "News" Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has said citizens of his state will vote against Bola Tinubu, the national leader of the All Progressives Congress for saying he will continue President Muhammadu Buhari's policies if elected in 2023. Ortom explained that he would urge his people to vote against Tinubu… In "Politics" Gov. Samuel Ortom of Benue, says he plans to invite President Muhammadu Buhari to commission some of the projects executed by his administration. Ortom said this when he interacted with newsmen on Thursday in Makurdi shortly after he returned from a trip to Akwa Ibom. He said some of the… In "News"