A quote on social media attributed to Wole Soyinka, says he would involve himself in politics and campaign for Bola Tinubu, national leader of the All Progressive Congress (APC), in 2023.  Tinubu, former governor of Lagos state, officially declared his intention to vie for the 2023 presidency on Monday, January 10. There’ll be uproar if the truth about Kanu’s arrest becomes known, says Soyinka Twitter’s suspension: Atiku, Soyinka, Saraki, Melaye, others pooh-pooh FG’s action as Twitter expresses ‘deep concern’ The viral statement quoted Wole Soyinka to have described Tinubu as his long-time friend. Attached to the quote was a photoshopped picture of Wole Soyinka and Tinubu. But in a statement made available to TheNiche, Wole Soyinka said the viral social media endorsement was fake. Soyinka’s statement reads: “Here we go again, the same boring, illiterate public interlopers who lack the courage of their conviction and must steal the identities of their betters. One can only hope that the public has learnt to identify FAKE NEWS and join in the urgent task of exposing and disgracing these despicable touts. “For the avoidance of doubt, I have not even THOUGHT 2023, much less inserted candidates into coveted positions. The signature of this latest moron is familiar — he or she does not even know the difference between “Laureate and Laurel”. This is an ancient forgery being recycled for the umpteenth time Those who pass it round do themselves and their recipients a disservice. Find something worthwhile to occupy your time. “In any case, we have no business with politics in the land of the dead, and the most recent information I have on me is that I died sometime last year. The email account of the year’s Nobel “Laurel” was hacked by these same agents to publicise my demise, so who is this still politicking WS “Laurel”?” The residence of Professor Wole Soyinka, Nigeria's Nobel Laurette, has been attacked in Abeokuta by Fulani herdsmen. According to SaharaReporters, the Southern and Middle Belt Forum has now condemned the attack on the Abeokuta residence of the Nobel Laurette which took place on Tuesday. It was learnt that Soyinka had… In "News" NOBEL Laureate, Professor Wole Soyinka on Saturday broke his silence on the aircraft seat controversy which has gone viral on social media. He said in a statement in Lagos that there was no truth in suggestions that he resisted doing the needful once he realized that he occupied somebody else’s… In "News" •Bola Tinubu LAGOS - Save Lagos Group, a Southwest Association, out of curiosity has given the All Progressives Congress (APC) stalwart, Bola Tinubu, 24 hours to reveal his position on the Western Nigeria Security Network codenamed ‘Operation Amotekun’.  Tinubu has remained silent on Amotekun since its launch, and this has… In "News"