ABUJA – In what appears to be a concerted effort at consolidation in an era of global flux, the elite association of  Mbaise indigenes in  the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, Ugwu Mbaise Abuja, recently inaugurated a new executive committee to pilot its affairs for the next three years. The inauguration which took place at the 377th general meeting of the association in Abuja, ushered in a new tenure under the leadership of Mr. Cletus C. Iwuaru who was reelected as the president of the association. Administering oaths of office on the newly elected officers, a legal luminary, Mr. Sam Nwosu advised the new executive with majority of them retaining their former positions, to double  their efforts as this tenure calls for consolidation of those services that endeared them to members, hence their reelection. The newly inaugurated executive committee is made up of the following members;  Mr. C. C. Iwuaru, President; Prince Paul Santus Uzomah, Vice President;  Malachy C. Nwaekpe Esq, Secretary General and Tony Chizor Okoro, Assistant Secretary General.The rest are Mr. Jonathan U. Nwachukwu, Financial Secretary; Chief Paulinus Ogu, Assistant Financial Secretary;  Mr. Desmond C. Onwusiri, Treasurer; Mr. Uzoma Onyegbadue, Public Relations Officer; Mr. Stanley Uzor-Marshal and Mr. Livinus Nwogwugwu, Director of Socials. The newly elected president, Mr. Iwuaru, while responding on behalf of  other officers, pledged to conduct the affairs of the association in accordance with  laid down constitutional provisions as no one will be unduly favoured . He enjoined members to live up to their constitutional obligations in order to reap the best from their membership of the association. By Okechukwu Ikonne The Managing Director of UAC Foods Ltd, Mr. Chidi Okoro over the weekend urged  Mbaise people in Imo State to consider setting up a world class entrepreneurship academy, like skills acquisition centre or a film academy as the biggest stars in Nollywood in Nigeria are from Mbaise.… In "News" •Chairperson and Director Women Development, Dr. Linda Ngozi Imoh MBAISE - Mbaise Global Foundation (MGF) is sensitising Mbaise women toward their mission of building a first class community in a third world country. The organisation is on track to facilitate activities for Mbaise women and girls in ways that would… In "News" By Ikenna Uwadileke Abuja - The Road Transport Employers’ Association of Nigeria (RTEAN) on Sunday dissolved its Lagos Executive council following the expiration of the branch’s tenure. A statement issued by Mr Osakpanwan Eriyo, Executive National President of RTEAN, also announced the inauguration of a caretaker committee to manage the… In "News"