Aloy Ejimakor, special counsel to leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu, has said his client did not evade bail in 2017.  The legal practitioner affirmed that Kanu had to flee Nigeria to seek refuge outside the country when soldiers invaded his residence at Isiama, Afaraukwu Ibeku, Abia State on September 10, 2017. He further said that the judgment of Abia High Court by Justice Benson Anya on January 19, 2022, had exonerated the separatist leader. Ejimakor disclosed this in a statement on Sunday. He said, “This press release is necessitated by the flurry of public commentaries on the 19th January 2022 judgment of the High Court of Abia State in favour of Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. “Most of the commentaries have bordered on examining the latent impacts the judgment may have beyond the monetary award and the apology. Of particular note is whether the judgment should directly or indirectly impact the persisting notion that Kanu had jumped bail in 2017, which was what grounded the bench warrant that was used to justify his rendition. “In summary, the answer is in the affirmative that this landmark judgment has created new legal opportunities for Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, especially as regards impeaching the bench warrant that grandfathered his extraordinary rendition. “You will recall that from late 2017, I had maintained a well-publicised stance that Nnamdi Kanu never jumped bail and that he will, in due course of time, prove that it was the Nigerian government that compelled him to flee and seek refuge outside Nigeria. This was the material issue before the court and it prevailed. “In particular, the court held that: “It is the view of this court that the army set out as pythons to terminate the life of Nnamdi Kanu. The military invasion of his home at Afaraukwu Ibeku is so notorious that this court cannot turn a blind eye to it. He deserves an apology and compensation. “Additionally, the court held that Kanu has by credible evidence proved to the honourable court that his fundamental rights to dignity of human person and personal liberty were wantonly or brazenly violated and his and his fundamental right to life threatened by Federal Republic of Nigeria. “In other words, the court impliedly held that Kanu never made a voluntary decision to flee Nigeria or to be absent from his trial. To this extent, this judgment has finally obliterated the vested and false notion that Kanu had jumped bail back in 2017. “Accordingly, the bench warrant upon which his rendition from Kenya was grounded has now become impeachable and liable to be vacated, thus paving the way for his previous bail to be reinstated.” In June 2021, the IPOB leader was arrested in Kenya and extradited to Nigeria to face treason charges. He was subsequently arraigned and brought before Binta Nyako, a judge of the Federal High Court in Abuja, who asked him to be remanded at the DSS custody. Kanu is facing charges bordering on treasonable felony instituted against him at the court in response to his agitation for the Republic of Biafra. He was granted bail in April 2017 on health grounds but skipped bail after disregarding some of the conditions given to him by the court. He was subsequently arraigned anmmmbrought before Binta Nyako, a judge of the Federal High Court in Abuja, who asked him to be remanded at the DSS custody. Kanu is facing charges bordering on treasonable felony instituted against him at the court in He was subsequently arraigned and brought before Binta Nyako, a judge of the Federal High Court in Abuja, who asked him to be remanded at the DSS custody. Kanu is facing bordering on treasonable felony instituted against him at the court in response to his agitation for the Republic of Biafra. He was granted bail in April 2017 on health grounds but skipped bail after disregarding some of the conditions given to him by the court to his agitation for the Republic of Biafra.  Source President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), should prove he respects the judiciary by exploring political solutions to resolve the detention of the embattled leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu. Kanu’s Special Counsel, Aloy Ejimakor, stated this in a chat with The PUNCH on Wednesday while reacting… In "Politics" TO douse the building tension in the polity especially in the South-East, the Igbo Think-Tank group, Nzuko Umunna, has once again called on President Muhammadu Buhari to release Mazi Nnamdi Kanu and seek political solution to every other issue preceding or arising from his abduction. Kanu, the leader of the… In "News" The High Court of Abia State on Tuesday adjourned the hearing of the case involving the detained leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu, till October 7, 2021. The vacation judge, Justice K. C. J. Okereke, took the decision as the Federal Government of Nigeria and five… In "News"