Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has said citizens of his state will vote against Bola Tinubu, the national leader of the All Progressives Congress for saying he will continue President Muhammadu Buhari’s policies if elected in 2023.  Ortom explained that he would urge his people to vote against Tinubu for insisting on continuing with the policies of President Muhammadu Buhari if elected Nigeria’s next president. Recall that the APC National Leader last week informed Buhari of his intentions to run for the Presidency in 2023. The former Lagos State governor said he would continue with the policies of Buhari’s administration if elected as president. However, Ortom pointed out that Buhari’s policies and programmes were bad. He spoke on Thursday in Makurdi, the State capital, while assenting to the amended Open Grazing Prohibition and Ranches Establishment Law 2017. The Governor warned that the presidential aspirant would fail in his ambition if he opts to pursue Buhari’s policies. According to Ortom: “I heard about one of the presidential aspirants who said he would continue from Buhari’s good legacies. I want to tell him that if nobody has told him, me I want to tell him that Buhari’s policies and programmes are not good. “And anybody who is saying that some of us, in our own little way, we will fight him and tell our people to vote against him. So, he has failed ab initio.”  Source The Presidency on Wednesday came hard on Benue State Governor Samuel Ortom over his ceaseless diatribe on President Muhammadu Buhari’s handling of national security. Presidential spokesman Garba Shehu accused the governor of promoting sectarianism and ethnicity to cover up his political shortcomings. The chastisement came on a day a group… In "Features" By Innocent Odoh, James Kwen, & Tony Ailemen The high profile defections that have hit the All Progressives Congress (APC) have altered the balance of power among the country’s two main parties ahead of the 2019 elections. Before the current defections, APC was the dominant party in most parts of… In "Top Stories" …Secondus Recruited As Ally Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  The plot for who succeeds President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023 is thickening as former Secretary to the Government of the Federal, Babagana Kingibe and Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi are scheming to emerge as presidential candidate and running mate respectively on the… In "Top Stories"