UGHELLI, Delta State – There was confusion in Otu-Jeremi, headquarters of Ughelli South Local Government Area, Delta State, Wednesday night, as a man was reportedly stabbed to death by his daughter’s lover. It was gathered that trouble started when the deceased whose identity could not be ascertained at press time, returned home from a journey and found the suspect simply identified as Paul, in a romatic mood with his daughter. “In the process of asking what was going on, an argument broke out and they started to fight. “As they were fighting, the suspect stabbed the man with a broken bottle. The man died before he could get help”, a source said. Contacted, Police public relations officer of the state command, Mr. Bright Edafe, confirmed the arrest. He, however said: “The suspect went to a lady’s house. He claimed he heard a child crying, so he went there to carry the child when the deceased came and said ‘what are you doing with this child?’ “In the process, they started fighting and along the line, the suspect took a kitchen knife and stabbed the deceased.” (Vanguard) So what if your spouse is having an affair?!knife stab red heart shape vector illustration sketch doodle hand drawn with black lines isolated on white background …I went to carry a crying child -Suspect UGHELLI -THERE was confusion in Otu -Jeremi, headquarters of Ughelli South Local Government Area, Delta State,… In "News" A suspected ritualist disguised as a lunatic was Thursday, reportedly set ablaze by a mob at Ughelli, headquarters of Ughelli North Local Government Area, Delta State. There were, however, conflicting accounts on the circumstances that led to the incident which took place at the front of the Otovwodo Primary School.… In "News" A 15-year-old boy Oghenemaro Eriana has been allegedly stabbed to death by a bouncer for picking money at a wedding reception held at Mofor, Udu Local Government Area, Delta State. PUNCH Metro gathered that the boy was stabbed to death on Saturday allegedly by a bouncer drafted to the wedding… In "News"