By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Director General of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), Dr. Bashir Jamoh said that the agency has commenced total digital manifest management regime for all vessels calling at all Nigerian Ports. He said that the automation is aimed at further reducing human interaction, improve efficiency and block revenue leakages. According to the statement signed by the Assistant Director, Public Relations, Osagie Edward, made available to Sundiata Post, Jamoh said that the Physical transactions concerning Sailing Certificates and cargo manifest processing are being phased out completely as stakeholders are encouraged to fully embrace the Agency’s initiative by visiting the NIMASA portal. He said: “In line with the Federal Government’s Executive Order on Ease of Doing Business, we are committed to improving turnaround time of vessels, reduction of human interface in majority of our transactions with our stakeholders and this is in our bid to ensure transparency and professionalism that the sector require to grow.” “We have improved our operational relationship with our sister Agencies, as we speak, we have made tremendous progress in our determination to convey sailing clearance for Vessels to the NPA electronically. We also receive and process manifests electronically” . This has improved efficiency leading to improvement in the turn-around-time of vessels calling at the nation’s Ports, Jamoh said. “Right now we have ensured that the process of submitting and processing manifests is reduced from 72Hours to 5hours for VLCCs (Very Large Crude Carriers) and larger container vessels whereas it would only take two hours or less for smaller vessels), you would agree with me that these are marked improvement and its still work in progress. The NIMASA DG noted that the benefits that would be derived from the total digitalization of all the Agency’s processes expected to be completed by 2022 would be enormous not just for the Stakeholders, but for the country at large including helping to improve balance of trade, and improved commercial shipping activities in Nigeria. It would be recalled that the Dr. Bashir Jamoh led administration had always advocated the automation of the Agency’s processes for enhanced and effective delivery of services. This renewed drive is seen as another stride in the total transformation of the maritime sector for economic benefit. By Nse Anthony-Uko (Sundiata Post) – Determined to comply with the Presidential directive on the resumption of 24 hour port operations in Lagos ports, the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA) has commenced a 24 hour turnaround time for analysing cargo manifests and issuing Debit Notes to Shipping Agents.… In "NIMASA & Maritime" Finance Minister, AGF Acknowledges Agency’s Increased Contribution to CRF (Sundiata Post) -- The Federal Government through the Ministry of Finance and the Office of the Accountant-General of the Federation has commended the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA) for its revenue performance in the past one year. The Minister… In "NIMASA & Maritime" •R-L: Director General, Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), Dr. Bashir Jamoh with the Group General Manager, Crude Oil Marketing Division, NNPC, Sir Billy Okoye during a courtesy visit by NNPC to the Agency in Lagos recently. LAGOS (Sundiata Post) - The Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA)… In "NIMASA & Maritime"