Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has said his attempt to reward Rev Samuel Alaha after he prophesied about his goverrnorship in 1992 was rejected.  Reverend Alaha had anointed him in 1992 with a prophecy that he would become governor of the state. Ortom said the man of God rejected a car gift from him after the prophecy came to pass in 2015. The governor, who made the disclosure Sunday during a sermon as the guest preacher at Faithway Gospel Ministries, Gboko, explained that he visited the cleric and presented the new car in appreciation but the vehicle was returned after a few days. According to Ortom, even though Rev Alaha received the gift on the spot, he called after a few days to inform the governor that he appreciated the offer but begged to return it, saying he did not find it necessary. Governor Ortom described the clergyman as a committed and true man of God whom he had known since 1980, lauding his zeal and commitment in service to the almighty God. Ortom pointed out that as Governor, he is determined to execute God’s counsel to people of the state at all times. He admonished the congregation to seek first the kingdom of God and its righteousness and assured that “all other things will be added onto you.” Governor Ortom also called on Christians to go back to the time when there was love towards one another “as it used to be in the past when we became Christians. True brotherly love is lacking today, that is why there seems to be conflict all the time.” Touching on the unity in the family, the governor told couples to begin to show love towards one another to celebrate accommodation, tolerance and faith in God.  Source By Emmanuel Antswen Makurdi - The Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom on Thursday described as “laughable’’ trending speculation that suggested that he was a wizard. Ortom said this at the opening ceremony of a two-day Governor’s Retreat for Benue Government Appointees in Makurdi. The governor noted that he became a… In "News" One of the five widows of the slain notorious militia leader in Benue State, Terwase Akwaza, aka Gana, Mrs Wantor Akwaza, said on Thursday that her deceased husband was snatched by military men. Recall that the Commander of Operation Ayem A. Kpatuma, Major General Ali Gadzama, had on Tuesday told… In "News" By Emmanuel Antswen Makurdi - Gov. Samuel Ortom of Benue has urged security agencies in Taraba to fish out the killers of Rev. Fr. David Tanko of St. Peter’s Catholic Parish, Amadu in Taraba State. Ortom, in a statement issued on Friday by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Terver Akase,… In "News"