The National Directorate of Employment (NDE) said it disbursed N10.8 million as grant to 108 unemployed Bayelsa youths in December 2021. The State Coordinator of the agency, Mr Aham Osuchukwu, said this during an orientation programme organised for the beneficiaries and 50 participants in Agricultural Extension Training (AET) in Yenagoa.Osuchukwu said that each beneficiary received N100,000. He said the training was intended to equip the participants to become self-reliant and contribute to the nation’s economic growth and development.He said, “It is in fulfillment of the agency’s mandate to reduce unemployment in the agricultural sector that we are here today.”He urged the beneficiaries to make efforts to repay their loans dutifully, responsibly and timely so that other unemployed persons could also benefit from the facility. Earlier, the Head of Department, Rural Employment Promotion in the agency, Mrs Maths Wokoro, admonished the beneficiaries not to misuse the loan but invest it in what they had learnt. Wokoro also advised the participants to take advantage of the programme to become self-reliant and contribute their quota to the nation’s development. One of the beneficiaries, Mr Livinus Osumze, who spoke on behalf of others, thanked the Federal Government and NDE for the gesture and promised to be a good ambassador of the scheme. By Ishaq Zaki Gusau -  The National Directorate of Employment (NDE) on Thursday said that over 200,000 unemployed youths would benefit from its various training and empowerment programmes across the country. The NDE Director-General, Dr Nasiru Argungu disclosed this in Gusau at the opening ceremony of the orientation programme for… In "Business" By Awayi Kuje Lafia - The National Directorate of Employment (NDE)  has distributed tools and equipment worth N1.2 million as well as cash to 11 youths trained on landscaping and Plaster Of Paris (POP) in Nasarawa State. Dr Nasiru Ladan-Argungu, the NDE Director General, said the gesture was to enable… In "News" The National Directorate of Employment (NDE), has engaged 50 unemployed persons in Ebonyi, in its Agricultural Extension programme, aimed at enhancing food security. Mr Abubakar Fikpo, Director-General of NDE, inaugurated the programme on Wednesday, in Amaike Ezzamgbo, Ohaukwu Local Government Area (LGA), of Ebonyi. Fikpo, represented by the NDE Coordinator… In "News"