But it was Senegal who took the initiative to Malawi from the kick-off, with Habib Diallo seeking an opening through a header to Bouna Sarr’s cross which was wide off the mark. Moments later, Sadio Mane missed a good chance to put his team in the lead as he could not keep his shot down from Sarr’s lovely cutback. On the other hand, Gabadinho Mhango was looking dangerous as he began causing all sorts of problems for the Senegalese defence. His best effort came from a set-piece which he was unfortunate not to convert as it deflected wide of Mendy’s goal. Malawi stood resolute in defence and starved the star-studded Senegal attack of the ball in the closing stages of the first half. The Senegalese team stepped up their game at the start of the second period, looking to take control of proceedings. Diallo came close to scoring but Malawian goalkeeper Charles Thom was quick to react and tip the ball over the bar. Thom made another great save this time from Idrissa Gueye’s well-taken free-kick. Malawi had a penalty kick claim waved away by VAR check, following an alleged infringement in the penalty area. Neither side could eventually find the breakthrough as Senegal sailed through, while Guinea joined them in spite of their loss as runners up By Victor Okoye   Abuja   -    There have been exceptional performances at the ongoing 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia but the African teams have not particularly had a bright start to their campaign in the 21st edition of the Coupe de Mundial. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports… In "Sports" By Victor Okoye Abuja - Super Eagles’ stand–in captain William Troos-Ekong says while they respect five–times world champions Brazil they however have no fear as both teams step out in a friendly in Singapore. Ekong made the remarks on Saturday at a pre-match press conference ahead of Sunday’s clash with… In "Sports" CAPE TOWN - Senegal showed their teeth on the opening day of qualifiers for the 2021 African Cup of Nations but other continental heavyweights struggled to find form on Wednesday. Nigeria could only scrape a 2-1 home win over tiny neighbours Benin while Cameroon were held to an embarrassing home… In "Sports"