The president, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.) has revealed that working for up to eight hours at his age (79) is no joke on his body.  He said this in an interview with the national broadcaster, NTA on Thursday, which was monitored by our correspondent. He said, “About my age, I see my colleagues, they are now resting, and I assure you that I look forward to the next 17 months when I too will be less busy. “The age is telling on me, working now for six, seven to eight hours per day in the office is no joke, there are questions of the executive council, memos from as many states as possible to be considered virtually every week. “Really, it’s a lot of hard work, but let’s say, I asked for it and I cannot complain.” The retired general added, “I have been a governor, I have been a minister, and I’m in my second term as president. So, I’ve gone through all the system and really, what else can I do for this country? I have given my best and I hope after I leave, Nigerians would reflect and at least show appreciation. “What I’m expecting is for Nigerians to say, this man has done his best. I hope I will leave a more secure Nigeria than it is now. That’s the most I expect from Nigerians.” Speaking on the spate of insecurity in the southeast, Buhari said it had become glaring that the weapons used were from the nation’s armouries. “Look at the situation in the southeast, police stations are being burnt. We closed borders with Benin (Republic), we closed borders with Niger but we have to accept that the weapons are coming from our own armouries,” Buhari said. -Background-Buhari celebrated his 79 birthday last December while he was on a trip to Istanbul for the Africa-Turkey summit. He was on the trip with his wife, Aisha and other top government officials.  Source A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, Senator Alex Kadiri has urged party members from the North Central Zone to concentrate on securing the National Chairmanship of the APC instead of dissipating energy in seeking for the presidency in 2023. The ex-lawmaker who represented Kogi East from 1999 to 2003… In "Politics" Chief Frank Kokori, the renowned labour unionist and elder statesman, has recalled the sacrifices made to end dictatorship in Nigeria. He also assesses the regime of the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), in upholding democratic tenets, in this interview with TOBI AWORINDE. It’s been 22 years since Nigeria returned… In "News" The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has said no one can accuse him of owning illicitly acquired companies or properties anywhere in the country. Buhari said this on Thursday during a town hall meeting with South-East leaders during his one-day official visit to Imo State. The Special Adviser to… In "News"