N50 fare hike: UNIBEN students lament as management discharges shuttle bus driversJosiah Oghagbon The students of the University of Benin (UNIBEN) might have to prepare themselves for getting to class on foot following the decision of the school management to discharge the shuttle bus drivers over the increment of their fares to 50 Naira. The University of Benin management has made three coaster buses available for transport within the school premises following the action taken by the shuttle bus drivers to increase their fares to 50nairaADVERTISING The school management discharged the bus drivers who have been maintaining a fare of N30 for the past couple of years.ALSO READ: Oromoni: Lagos yet to decide on reopening of Dowen College The new buses have been put in place to convey over 70,000 students within the school premises with a lower fare. Undergraduates have already taken to social media to air their complaints about the new development by the school management stating that their “efforts” will obviously not be efficient enough to attain what they are aiming for. Others explained how the new buses would be time-consuming and weigh on their punctuality in classes. Students Union Government of the Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka, Anambra state has expressed worry over recklessness of commercial bus drivers plying within the school and its environs. Director of Transport in the institution, Mmesirionye Patrick stated this on Saturday during the 1st Annual Transport Summit, themed, “A Good Transport Network:… In "News" MAKURDI - The Department of Petroleum Resources has appealed to the two unions in the oil and gas sector to shield their swords by calling off the ongoing industrial action to end the sufferings of motorists. Speaking to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday in Makurdi, the Controller… In "News" University of Benin, UNIBEN Post-UTME screening form for 2017/2018 academic session is out. This is as part of the UNIBEN admission screening exercise for the session. The University of Benin cut-off mark for admission is 200 for 2017/2018 academic session. Applications are invited from only qualified candidates who applied through JAMB… In "Education"