Aggrieved staff working in the National Assembly, operating under the Parliamentary Staff Association of Nigeria (PASAN), on Monday, staged a protest over the non-implementation of minimum wage.  The workers converged on the lobby of the white house of the National Assembly with placards condemning the action of the Chairman of the National Assembly Service Commission (NASC) for breaching the memorandum of understanding (MoU) entered into in 2021. A copy of the resolutions to embark on protest dated 6th January 2022 and addressed to the Clerk to the National Assembly (CNA), showed that the association raised six fundamental breaches by the NASS management that triggered the protest. The resolution, which was signed by the association’s Chairman, Comrade Sunday Sabiyi, and the Vice-Chairman, Comrade M.A. Liman, accused the NASC and NASS of deliberate contempt of their MoU which was agreed on 14th April 2021 stating that “there would be full implementation of the new National Minimum Wage Act, 2019, and the Revised Condition of Service.” Part of the resolutions read: “Following the Management’s breach of the Memorandum of Understanding entered with PASAN on the 13th April 2021, on the full implementation of the new National Minimum Wage Act, 2019, and the Revised Condition of Service, Congress hereby observes put the management on protest notice.” Efforts to speak with the Clerk’s media adviser failed as his lines were switched off.  Source National Assembly workers under the aegis of Parliament Staff Association of Nigeria (PASAN) have announced their intention to embark on an industrial strike over unpaid 8 months of national minimum wage and 15 months CONPECULIAR allowances. Staging a protest on Thursday, the workers led by the chairman of PASAN National… In "News" The management of the National Assembly on Monday morning beefed up security in and around the premises apparently to thwart a planned protest by some legislative aides. The aides, under the auspices of Salary Arrears Affected Legislative Aides (SAALA), had vowed to ground activities at the National Assembly beginning from… In "News" The National Assembly Service Commission (NASC) on Friday launched a revised Code of Ethics for National Assembly Service staff for a more disciplined service. The Executive Chairman of the Commission, Mr Ahmed Amshi, presented the document at an event which was also held to celebrate the commission’s 20th Anniversary. He… In "News"