Mohamed Salah, the Liverpool ace, has backed Egypt to win the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) in Cameroon.  The Egyptian captain said the Pharaohs would give everything to win the 2021 AFCON trophy in Cameroon. Salah said this after leading his team to qualify for the AFCON quarter-final. Egypt defeated Ivory Coast 5-4 on a penalty shootout in the AFCON round of 16 encounter this week to qualify for the last-8. Carlos Queiroz’s men will now take on Morocco in the AFCON last-8 on Sunday. “Of course, I want to win something with the national team. It is my country, which I love the most. This trophy for me would be completely different, would be the closest to my heart,” Salah said at his post-match press conference after Egypt defeated Ivory Coast on Wednesday. “We were close before to win this African Cup [in 2017], we gave it everything, but we were not lucky to win it. But it is ok, now we’re here in the new one. “We have to fight for it, we’ve to give everything to win it and I am sure the players have the same feeling.”  Source Super Eagles coach, Augustine Eguavoen, said Nigerian players cut Egypt captain, Mohamed Salah, off the ball to record victory. He said this during a post-match interview after Nigeria defeated Egypt 1-0 on Tuesday. Egypt depended heavily on Liverpool ace Mohamed Salah, recently shortlisted for the FIFA Best Player award. The… In "Sports" Nollywood Actor, Shile Sally, has urged the Super Eagles to extend their performance displayed against Pharaohs of Egypt on Tuesday to their match against Sudan’s Falcons of Jediane in their second group game of the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON).The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Nigeria would take… In "News" Kaduna  - Super Eagles’ Interim Coach Samson Siasia on Friday in Kaduna said his team would now be aiming to beat the Pharaohs of Egypt when both teams meet on Tuesday. Siasia who said this during a post-match briefing at the Ahmadu Bello Stadium, following his team’s 1-1 draw with… In "Sports"