 The Managing Director of the Federal Housing Authority (FHA), Sen. Gbenga Ashafa, says the agency is creating mass employment opportunities through astronomical increase in housing delivery nationwide. This is contained in a statement issued by FHA Spokesman, Kenneth Chigelu, made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos on Saturday. The statement said Ashafa stated during a handover of keys to beneficiaries of 60 houses in Academic Garden City, Kalgo, Birnin Kebbi, on Friday. It stated that Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, conducted the handover of the project executed by Federal Mortgage Bank (FMBN) in collaboration with FHA Mortgage Bank. Ashafa, who is also the Chairman of FHA Mortgage Bank, also announced commencement of an affordable housing estate in Kebbi State. He said the project was in line with his management’s resolve to expand construction across the country. He said the goal was to use the housing sector to drive President Muhammadu Buhari’s vision of “stimulating the economy, creating jobs and lifting more citizens out of poverty’’. “We have to use the value chain benefits of the housing sector to help create jobs for our people. Apart from giving our citizens befitting and affordable accommodation, our projects will help employ our youths and reduce greatly, all forms of crimes,” he said. He said the new project to be flagged off in Kebbi was a collaboration between FHA and the FMBN and expected to start soon with capacity of creating thousands of jobs. Earlier, Ashafa had inspected site of a 150 hectares of land for the proposed estate to be located in Kalgo, Birnin Kebbi, Kebbi State. (NAN) By Ella Anokam Abuja -  The Federal Housing Authority (FHA) said it would invest N9 billion in the ongoing construction of its Abuja Mass Housing Project of 550 units of houses, located in Zuba, Abuja. Prof. Mohammed Al-Amin, Managing Director of FHA, made this known on Friday while fielding questions… In "News" By Ella Anokam/Harrison Arubu   Abuja   -        The Federal Housing Authority (FHA) is to set up a “Facility Management Company’’ charged with the maintenance of roads and other social infrastructure in federal housing estates nationwide. The Managing Director of FHA, Prof. Mohammed Al-Amin, stated this in… In "News" Abuja, - The Real Estate Developers Association of Nigeria (REDAN) has called for the restructuring the government agencies in the housing sector to enable them to fulfil their mandate of providing affordable house for the masses. Rev, Ugochukwu Chime, President of REDAN, who spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria… In "News"