The Art and Design Teacher at Greensprings School, Anthony Campus, Mrs Anuoluwapo Adeyemi has called on more schools in the country to promote art and fashion among their students. She made this call while speaking at a recent fashion show organized by the students of the school. According to her, organizing art exhibitions and fashion shows, or generally providing the necessary support needed to teach the subject would help raise a generation that would take the Nigerian art and fashion industry to the next level. She said, “We recently did our 2021 fashion show, themed The New Normal: #MixedMediaExpression, and based on this theme, our students showcased six clothing lines that brilliantly incorporated facemasks into their designs. Through the guidance of the teachers, our promising clothing liners did the sketching of their designs, sourced the fabrics made the dresses and managed fellow students who modelled the designs.” “The show was a success, as it lets our students see that they can also express their creativity via organizing impressive fashion shows like the one they see on TV. From our students’ performance during the show, it is obvious that Nigeria is blessed with a lot of young talents and I believe that our art and fashion industry would receive more global recognition in years to come, especially if more schools give extra attention to creatively teaching the subject, as well as organizing art exhibitions and fashion shows.” Greensprings School is a British international school with three campuses in Lagos – Anthony, Lekki, and Ikoyi. The school opened to the public in 1985 and is now regarded as one of the best schools in Nigeria. As Africa Fashion Week New York enters its final day, Ventures Africa engages one of the event’s top stars Nigerian London-based designer Hazel Eki Aggrey-Orleans to shed light on the status of the Fashion industry in Africa. The owner of London-based fashion-label Eki Orleans, Hazel was born in Germany, raised… In "Business" VENTURES AFRICA – In a daring and quite risky move that typifies the entrepreneur, Tope Williams-Adewunmi resigned from a promising career in KPMG to spend three long years in fashion school, and the rest, as they say is history. Mrs Adewunmi has carved a name for herself in the Nigerian… In "Business" Deola Sagoe has been a force in African fashion for the last 25 years. Now she is trying to make African designs globally competitive and grow a multi-billion-dollar industry. On the evening of 18 May 2014, I went to the Intercontinental Hotel, a brand –new, towering glass and steel structure… In "Business"