A High Court in Abuja has granted bail to aphrodisiac entrepreneur, Hauwa Saidu Jaruma aka Jaruma.  This comes after she was arrested for alleged defamation and remanded in custody for days. Jaruma was arraigned before an Abuja high court on charges bordering on defamation of character, false news publication and intimidation of former lawmaker, Ned Nwoko on the internet. The billionaire businessman had accused Jaruma of publishing falsehoods on her Instagram page against him and his wife, Regina Daniels. Justice Ismaila Abdullahi in his ruling on Monday had ordered that Jaruma be remanded in the Suleja Correctional Centre pending the bail hearing on Friday. The Judge while ruling on her bail application on Friday said her remand should not be seen as a punishment to the defendant. Abdullahi warned all parties involved in the matter to refrain from actions that could be considered prejudicial to the case. He said, “The court did not remand her in custody as a punitive means to penalise the defendant but to make her present and answer to her case. By this, I shall be quick to point out that the charge against the defendant is bailable but not ordinary. “I hereby grant her bail on the following conditions: That the surety must be a level 12 civil servant working within the FCT. Also, all the parties involved in the case should stay from anything that would be prejudicial to the case.” He, however, adjourned the case till February 23 for a hearing.  Source Aphrodisiac seller, Hauwa Muhammed aka Jaruma has been remanded in prison custody over post she made about business tycoon and actress Regina Daniels' husband, Ned Nwoko on social media. Nwoko who had written a petition against Jaruma, accused the popular Kayanmata seller of publishing falsehoods on her Instagram page against him and his… In "News" Nollywood actress, Regina Daniels has revealed why her husband, Ned Nwoko ordered the arrest of aphrodisiac/kayanmata seller, Jaruma. The whole drama started after Regina disowned Jaruma for claiming that she used one of her products to keep Nwoko as her husband. But Jaruma had hit back at the actress and… In "Entertainment" •Regina Daniels and her billionaire husband Ned Nwoko Nollywood actress Regina Daniels has confirmed that her husband, Ned Nwoko, is behind the arrest of popular aphrodisiac vendor, Jaruma.In a statement released via her Instagram page on Thursday, January 27, 2022, the movie star also gave several reasons why she fell out… In "News"