Charles Soludo, the Anambra State governor-elect, has called for a new liberation movement in Africa and Nigeria.  According to him, this will promote selfless service among political leaders. Soludo, an ex-governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, who won the November 6, 2021 Anambra governorship election on the platform of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, spoke on Saturday. He said politics had become a big business in Nigeria, adding that many drug barons and Internet scammers have flocked into politics to avoid being arrested. He said, “Indeed, Africa needs a new liberation movement. The first struggle was liberation from the colonial masters. The second will be liberation from rentier politics and politicians. For me, there is almost a sense of nostalgia, recalling the mission and accomplishments of our founding fathers, especially as we contemplate the world without oil in Nigeria. “Much of the existing social order is founded on competition for, and distribution of, rents. Oil and the easy money that came with it destroyed the social fabric and the elite created new institutions and political structures to maximise their gains. As the noose tightened globally on other rentier/criminal enterprises such as drug trafficking or internet scamming, many of the barons flocked into politics as the next easy alternative. “Politics has become big business. Appointment or election into public office is seen largely as an opportunity to ‘eat’ rather than a call to selfless service. There is an army of rich (big men) who have never worked or done any productive work in their life and believe that it is their right to expect something for nothing. “The tiny less than one per cent elite have a stranglehold on the public purse, sprinkling occasional crumbs to the citizens as ‘dividends of democracy’. The citizens themselves either out of helplessness or acquiescence join the party, expecting the politicians to dole out pittance out of public treasury as charity.”   Source Professor Charles Chukwuma Soludo, Anambra State Governor-elect, on Thursday unveiled an 80-member transition coomission rhat will help him usher in his government on March 17, 2022. TheNiche had exclusively reported this morning that the former Governor of the Sentral Bank of Nigeria (CBN) who won the November 6, 2021 Anambra… In "Politics" On November 6, 2021, the people of Anambra State set high standards for their neighbours in the South East region and beyond when they voted Chukwuma Soludo, a professor of economics, former Central Bank of Nigeria governor and one of Africa’s leading critical thinkers, into office as their governor. The… In "News" Just hours before voters in Anambra State decide the next governor, a party not on the ballot is getting serious attention.  The Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB), the separatist group demanding an independent homeland, has declared there would be no election on Saturday not only to press its separatist demand,… In "Column - Thursday"