Two fleeing suspects: Farouk Mohammed(15) and Jamiu Kasali, who murdered Pastor Babatunde Dada (46) of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG on 6th Avenue, Festac Town, Lagos, on December 2 ,2021, have been arrested by the Police. They had approached the unsuspecting Pastor, on the pretext of being strangers in Lagos and had no place to stay. The deceased lodged them in a room in the church which also served as his residence , only to be attacked at about 12 noon, penultimate day and abandoned in the pool of his blood to die. Commissioner of Police , Lagos State Police Command, AIG Hakeem Odumosu, who confirmed the arrest, disclosed that Mohammed was tracked to Ilorin, Kwara State, while his partner in crime, Kasali , was apprehended in Festac Town, Lagos. In this interview, Kasali,said, “On the day we struck, the Pastor came to Church in morning, gave us money for food and left. Later, he came in with a bag containing money. “We followed him upstairs, hit him with a plank, before stabbing him with a broken bottle in the neck. He fell down . We grabbed the bag and left the house”. On his part, Mohammed , said he lied to his parents that he was coming to Lagos for a show, being an incoming Musician.. He said, “I lied o my mother that I would get at least, N200,000 from the show . We are upcoming musicians..We have been in the industry for three years. When things were not going on as planned, we decided to do something else , in order to invest in our music industry. My stage name is Zealight while Kasali’s J Fresh. Our mission in Lagos was to look for where to perform. But that plan changed immediately we saw Pastor with the bag containing money”. Odumosu said the exhibits used to commit the act were recovered, adding that they would be charged to court. Suspected hoodlums have attacked and killed a pastor of the Redeemed Christian Church of God in FESTAC Town, in the Amuwo Odofin Local Government Area of Lagos State. Our correspondent gathered that the victim, Pastor Babatunde Dada, was killed inside the RCCG Chapel of Resurrection on 13 Road, 6th Avenue,… In "Metro" The family of Pastor Babatunde Dada, who was stabbed to death in a parish of the Redeemed Christian Church of God in FESTAC Town, Lagos State, has called on the police to carry out a thorough investigation to unravel the motive behind the killing. PUNCH Metro had reported that two… In "News" According to a PM News report, brave youths of Benin Technical College (BTC), Benin, Edo State, and members of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), on Sunday rescued a pastor of the church who was abducted by a three-man kidnap gang. Abductors of the victim, simply identified as Pastor… In "News"