A staff of the National Assembly identified as Abdul Olajide Abayomi, 34, slipped off the stairs on Monday and died. Eyewitnesses said he was climbing the second floor of the White House, housing the two chambers, the Senate and the House of Representatives when he tripped and rolled down the stairs. The eyewitnesses among whom were janitors and cleaners said they called the attention of other members of staff to quickly rush to the scene to give their assistance. They made haste to the National Assembly clinic but before they could get there, Abayomi, unfortunately, gave up the ghost on the way. The deceased who was with the Inter-Parliamentary Department in the Directorate of Inter-Parliamentary and Protocols of the National Assembly’s bureaucracy was later said to have died of cardiac arrest and other underlining ailments. The Director of Information, National Assembly, Dr Emmanuel Agada could not however confirm the incident. “Honestly, I just left the office but I didn’t get any such information on the incident. So, I am not in a position now to confirm the story,” Agada said. Similarly, an ad hoc worker was also said to have fallen from a scaffold while working at the fourth floor of the National Assembly Complex. The worker whose name was not readily ascertained sustained a deep cut on his head with other bodily injuries. It was learnt that the worker was later rushed to the National Hospital for medical attention. By Taiye Agbaje Abuja    -       National Assembly (NASS) workers under the auspices of the Parliamentary Staff Association of Nigeria (PASAN) on Friday threatened to embark on an indefinite strike if the management of the legislature failed to meet their demands. The Chairman of PASAN, Comrade Musa Bature, gave the warning… In "News" By Cecilia Ijuo Abuja -   A delegation of the National Assembly to the 137th Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU) Assembly, led by President of the Senate, Dr Bukola Saraki, departed Nigeria on Thursday to St. Petersburg, Russia, for the session. Chief Press Secretary to Saraki, Mr Sanni Onogu, said in a… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  It is likely that the promise by this government to reset the country’s disjointed and dysfunctional budgeting system, may not materialise before the end of President Muhammadu Buhari’s four-year tenure. Rather than put in place the much-talked about January to December life cycle for the national… In "Top Stories"