The Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr. Chris Ngige has revealed that his refusal to open the treasury of Anambra state made godfathers remove him as governor of the state.  Ngige, who refused to mention the names of the “godfathers”, also said he was attacked by the “powers that be”, simply because he decided to work for the people and for the development of the state. The minister made these remarks in Awka on Saturday, after he was honoured by the traditional Ruler of Awka, Obi Gibson Nwosu, during the biennial Egwu-Uzu festival. Ngige, who was the state governor between 2003 to 2005, recalled that his administration, as of then, embarked on mega infrastructure projects, public service reforms, prioritised workers and pensioners welfare, attracted federal presence and enthroned peace and security in the entire state, not minding the huge debts he inherited from his predecessor. He was conferred with an Igbo royal title of “Onyili Mmagba,” meaning the man who wrestled everybody to the ground, escaped and gave freedom to others. Ngige recalled that as a governor, he was kidnapped, though he did not pay any ransom to free himself. He said, “I decided to work for the Anambra people and that became the main crux of the problem. Will you stand and work for the people or the godfathers? So, I stood with the people and worked for them. “Before I came into office, Awka was a village but we transformed the village to a befitting capital city. We brought infrastructural development and introduced reforms in the public service. We tarred all the roads in the GRA, Awka. We dualised Nnamdi Azikiwe Road and put streetlights on them. We repaired the water scheme and got water running in three quarters of the city including Akwata.”  Source •Fred Chukwuelobe Yesterday was July 10, 2020. Seventeen years ago, on that date, His Excellency, Senator Chris Nwabueze Ngige, OON, then governor, Anambra State, was abducted from office and taken to Choice Hotel, Awka, where he was held incommunicado while a plot to swear in Okey Udeh, his erstwhile deputy,… In "Social Media Feeds" Till date, no other definition of history has made as great an impact on me as what our history teacher, Mr. Nwosu taught us in January of 1971. “History”, Nwosu starts in a husky voice, “is the record of past events”. I still have a mental picture of him peering… In "Opinion" The Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr. Chris Ngige and the governorship candidate of the Progressives Peoples Alliance, PPA, Mr Godwin Ezeemo have tackled the former governor of Anambra State, Mr Peter Obi over what they described as his decision to impose governors on the state. While Ngige tackled Obi… In "News"