By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The New awards given to the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) and it’s Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (EVC/CEO), Prof. Umar Danbatta, eloquently expressed the significance of telecom sector’s contribution to Nigeria’s economy. While the NCC received the REGULATOR OF THE YEAR Award for 2021, Danbatta, also received the PUBLIC OFFICIAL OF THE DECADE Award. The Director, Public Affairs of the. Commission, Dr Dr. Ikechukwu Adinde disclosed this on Monday in a statement made available to Sundiata Post. According to the statement, the combined awards, issued on the heels of a public lecture, titled, Public Sector Financing: The Oil Revenue, Challenges, Solutions and Prospects, would not be unconnected with the telecoms’ 12.45 per cent contribution to the nation’s GDP in 2020, which was central and pivotal in taking the nation out of recession. The awards, issued by Nigerian NewsDirect, a multimedia firm, was presented just two days ago at an impressive event at the Federal Palace Hotel, Lagos, organised by the firm to commemorate its 11th Anniversary. As indicated, the presentation of the awards was preceeded by the Nigerian NewsDirect anniversary public lecture,  Delivered by Dapo Okubadejo, Ogun State Commissioner for Finance and Chief Economic Adviser to the Governor. Okubadejo’s paper reflects essentially on the increasing challenges of the nation’s dependence on oil revenues for public sector financing. The paper offers solutions to better public sector financing from the context refocusing on the opportunities and prospects inherent in the oil sector but particularly in other sectors. By sheer coincidence, or conscious contextual social intervention, the topic of the Lecture and its treatment were not just poignant reflections of the state of the economy, they were fluent and persuasive of the role of NCC in midwifing and enabling the utilisation of telecoms and ICTs applications for economic recovery and growth. A fact that gives concrete expression to the imperative of diversification of the nation’s economy from oil, which is being vigorously pursued by the Federal Government and which NCC is a key sectoral driver. Thankfully, the role NCC is mandated to play in enhancing Nigeria’s growth and development is not lost on its Management. This strategic role and commitment to it, was emphasised by Dr. Ikechukwu Adinde, NCC’s Director Public Affairs, who received the awards on behalf of the Commission and the EVC/CEO. Adinde, while conveying NCC’s gratitude for the award, said the Commission will not rest on its oars but rededicate itself towards demonstrating its worthiness of the public trust and confidence reposed in it as an agency central to rediversification of the nation’s economy. These garlands, swelling the repository of awards to NCC would not surprise discerning watchers of national events. In November 2021, the Commission conducted a historic auction of the 3.5GHz spectrum, in preparation for the deployment of 5G services to be activated this year. It was not the first time NCC will conduct an auction but it was the first time it had completed an auction with the final bid ending at a price more than 30 percent higher than initial bid offer. The auction, which started with initial offer of $197.4 million, close after 11 rounds at $273.6 million. Two companies, Mafab Communications and MTN Nigeria Plc, won the bid. Besides it routine activities, just a forthnight ago, the EVC delivered the Convocation Lecture of the Fountain University, at Osogbo, where he emphasised the imperative of youth’s embrace and exploration of the opportunities the ICT revolution has offered them to contribute to the nations growth and development. Similarly, just a day after the Convocation Lecture, a digital training centre, facilitated by the Universal Service Provision Fund (USPF), an arm of NCC, was commissioned at Ijesa Muslim Grammar School, Ilesha, Osun State. The foregoing shows that the Commission is unwavering in its commitment to expanding the nation’s frontiers of growth and development within the context of its mandate. Many individuals (including Mr. Tony Elumelu, Chairman of Elumelu Foundation; and Ken Nnamani, President of ATCON); corporate organisations (including Ecobank, Chevron, and Polaris Bank); and State Governments (including Osun, Ogun and Benue) received various categories of awards.  ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Prof Umar Garba Danbatta, Executive Vice Chairman/CEO of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), has received the National Service Excellence Award. Announcing the conferment of the award in Abuja,  the National Association of State Assembly Legislators (NASAL) said the award was in recognition of Danbatta's transformational leadership… In "Technology" The critical role being played by the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) under the leadership of its Executive Vice Chairman, Prof. Umar Danbatta, in advancing the frontiers of broadband development has been recognised at this year’s edition of the Nigeria Tech Innovation and Telecoms Awards (NTITA), 2020.Regarded as the Oscars of… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Array of stakeholders in the telecom industry have rained awards on the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) for its role in enhancing digital transformation in Nigeria for the past two decades. The new awards were conferred on the Commission and its Management at different… In "News"