The Borno State Commissioner of Police, Abdul Umar, has described reports of abduction of police officers by ISWAP terrorists as fake news.  According to him, no mobile police officer was abducted by ISWAP/Boko Haram terrorists, even though there was an attack on the Police Mobile Training College, Gwoza. The police chief said the insurgents were successfully repelled by policemen at the police college. Umar, while addressing a press conference in Maiduguri on Friday, labeled the published report as fake news, noting that: “The attention of the Borno State Police Command has been drawn to news making the rounds on social media, alleging that undisclosed number of PMF personnel were abducted at the Police Mobile Training College, Gwoza. “The Command wishes to categorically debunk the news, consider it as “fake news” and also to inform the general public that the insurgents, who attacked the PMF training college on the 13th January, 2022 at about 2022hrs were successfully repelled by our gallant officers and men.” He said: “The police did not record a single casuality nor loss of fire arms and no casuality on the part of the police was recorded.” Umar added that: “On this note, I am using this medium to call the attention of the general public to disregard any misleading information that may likely cause panic and disturb the peace of innocent citizens who are roaming endlessly in search of a greener pasture, and to assure them of our commitment, focus and determination toward bringing an end to the insurgency and other crimes and criminality in Borno State.”  Source BY HAMZA SULEIMANMaiduguri - The police command in Borno, has denied reports that some policemen were abducted by the Islamic State of West Africa Province (ISWAP) at the Mobile Police Training School in limankara, Gwoza Local Government Area (LGA) of the state . Mr Audu Umar, the state Commissioner of… In "Top Stories" According to a report by The PUNCH, some Boko Haram terrorists have abducted an unspecified number of mobile policemen at the police mobile training school in limankara Gwoza local government area of Borno State, the hometown of Senator Ali Ndume, the Chairman Senate Committee on Army. Information available to The… In "News" By Rabiu Sani Maiduguri -  The Nigeria Police would set up an Explosive Ordinance (EOD) training school in Borno to check indiscriminate Improvised Explosive Device attacks by Boko Haram insurgents. Inspector General of Police Ibrahim Idris made known on Thursday during an interactive session with officers and men of the… In "Metro"