In what will come across as a really heartwarming development, luck has found Ekuma Jeremiah, the young hawker, who was caught on camera in the Ajah area of Lagos, earlier in the week, giving money to persons who were being transported to prison in a Nigerian Correctional Service van.  This is because billionaire entrepreneur, businessman and popular socialite, Obi Iyiegbu, popularly known as Obi Cubana, who chairs the Cubana Group, on Saturday, in an interview with a broadcaster and radio talk show host, Ifedayo Olarinde, popularly known as Daddy Freeze, made known his intention to sponsor the young boy’s tertiary education in any institution of his chosen and also establish him. Speaking during the short Instagram live interview, Obi Cubana said, “Love should be shown in our actions and not just in our words. I want to meet the young boy who despite being a hawker, gave N100 notes to people in a prison van and was not even aware that he was been filmed by a concerned passerby who was driving on the same road. “Anyone who knows him should connect the boy with Daddy Freeze or me. I want him to go to school in good condition, and I would see him through the University, and if he wants to do his Masters degree abroad, I would also make sure that he is comfortable while going to school because his generosity touched me. “I would do whatever he wants for him, and by God’s grace, when he is done in school he would get a top-level position at any of my organisations, and if he, however, finds a higher calling, he is free to do as he pleases. The most important thing is that I want him to know that he now has a mentor who would guide him through this tough world.”  Source The Anambra State Police Command has kept mum on whether or not it would arrest and prosecute naira abusers at the burial of the mother of the Chairman of Cubana Group, Obi Iyiegbu, popularly known as Obi Cubana. According to Section 21 of the Central Bank of Nigeria Act, 2007,… In "News" KAYODE OYERO examines the burial of the mother of the Chairman of Cubana Group, Obi Iyiegbu, popularly known as Obi Cubana, and reports the mixed reactions the event has generated. Mixed reactions have trailed the failure of the Central Bank of Nigeria and security agencies to enforce the country’s anti-spraying… In "News" The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency on Thursday grilled socialite, Obi Iyiegbu, popularly known as Obi Cubana, for his alleged link to the illegal narcotic business, The PUNCH has learnt. The PUNCH reports that Iyiegbu, who is the Chairman, Cubana group of companies, was grilled for about five hours at… In "News"