Owerri—A woman, identified as Eziada Chika Mbachu, yesterday, cheated death as her son’s plan to kill her for ritual purposes failed after stabbing her severally. It was gathered that the boy invited the mother to Heroes Apartment, opposite Concord Hotel in Owerri, where he carried out the attack. An eyewitness said: “The mother was shouting and calling for help with blood stains and wounds on her body. The neighbours heard of it and rushed to assist her. They rescued her. When the son saw many people coming, he stopped attacking the mother. “The mother started crying as the neighbours rescued her from the son. “As I am talking to you the woman has been rushed to the Federal Medical Centre, hospital. The police have arrested the boy and taken him to the station.” Reacting, the mother of the victim, Mrs Mbachu, thanked God for saving her. “I thank God for rescuing me and I thank everybody who came to my rescue. God in heaven I say honour to your name.” When Vanguard called the State Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, Micheal Abbattam, he said he has not been briefed and promised to call the DPO of the area where the incident happened.” By Taiwo Jimoh  LAGOS - A mother of three, identified simply as Mummy Pelumi, has reportedly committed suicide at Mangoro area of Lagos State. The woman, a pastor’s wife, took her life when her husband was on evangelism. Witnesses said the deceased and her children were sleeping in their one-room… In "Metro" Thursday May 23, 2019 was Andy Bature’s birthday. The day comes once in a year, and the Bauchi-based journalist had planned to celebrate it with friends. However, sorrow and tears shattered his planned celebration when he was kidnapped by eight gun-wielding hoodlums alongside his two friends on Kaduna-Jingir Road; a… In "News" A nine-year-old primary three pupil of a private school on Alukpo Street, Umukoto Nekede, in Owerri West Council in Imo State, simply identified as Chinasa, has narrowly escaped being beheaded by ritualists in the area. This happened after she was kidnapped by two men suspected to be ritual killers outside… In "News"