The ruling All Progressives Congress has described as fake news a report(Not by The PUNCH) that its planned National Convention has been suspended till June.  The party, on Wednesday, urged the general public to disregard the report, just as it pointed out that dates for party activities such as meetings, primaries, congresses, national conventions are communicated through well-known official channels and not through ‘sources’. National Secretary, APC Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee, Senator John James Akpanudoedehe, disclosed this in a statement titled ‘Update On APC National Convention.’ According to the statement, “The faceless authors and sponsors of fake news on APC activities, in this case, the planned National Convention are simply bent on causing confusion and fomenting crisis through misinformation. We should not enable them. “As a focus-driven, process-oriented political party, the APC Caretaker Committee under the leadership of Governor Mai Mala Buni will not be distracted by self-serving antics of these sponsors of fake news. The APC Caretaker Committee is already embarking on nationwide consultations with party stakeholders to prepare the ground for a rancour-free National Convention. To this end, the sub-committee on budgeting and other substructures will be set up in due course. “Finally, the party notes and appreciates the continued support of well-meaning members and leaders as the APC Caretaker Committee undertakes the immediate task of addressing contestations within the party, litigations, fallouts of recently-conducted congresses and generally reposition the party ahead of the National Convention.”  Source The All Progressives Congress (APC) has denied releasing timetable for its Congresses and National Convention. Sen. John Akpanudoedehe, National Secretary APC Caretaker and Extra-ordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) said this in a statement on Monday in Abuja. “Our attention has been drawn to obviously coordinated and syndicated misinformation being circulated… In "News" The Director-General of the Progressive Governors’ Forum, Salihu Lukman, has said the Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary Convention Planning Convention Committee of the All Progressives Congress chaired by Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni, is repeating the mistakes made by the immediate past national leadership of the ruling party. Lukman said the Adams… In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Governor Mai Mala Buni-led Caretaker/ Extra-Ordinary National Convention Planning Committee of the All Progressives Congress has dissolved the party’s Executive Committee in Ebonyi State. It has also announced the setting up of a 15 member caretaker executive as replacement. The development followed the defection of the… In "Top Stories"