By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate on Tuesday received a request to confirm the nomination of Professor Mansur Auwalu Bindawa as Non-Executive Commissioner of the Nigerian Communications Commission. The request was contained in a letter dated January 10, 2022 and read on the floor by the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, during plenary. President Buhari in the letter explained that the request was made pursuant to the provision of Section 8(1) of the Nigerian Communications Act. In another letter date January 4, 2022, President Buhari requested the chamber to confirm the nominations of Nnamonso Ekanem (Akwa-Ibom) and Mahmud Abubakar Magaji (Niger) as members of the Federal Judicial Service Commission. Ekanem and Magaji are expected to represent the South-South and North-Central zones, respectively. The letter reads in part: “In accordance with the provision of Section 154 of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigerians (as amended), I hereby present for confirmation by the Senate, the following two (2) names of members of Federal Judicial Service Commission, who have been appointed in consultation with the council of State.” By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has received a formal request from President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm the nomination of Hon. Amaechi Nwoha as Commissioner representing South-East at the National Assembly Service Commission.  The request which was contained in a letter dated 9th July, 2021, was read… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  The Senate on Tuesday received a request from President Muhammadu Buhari for the confirmation of Mr. Aghughu Arhotomhenla Adolphus as Auditor-General of the Federation. The request was contained in a letter dated 12th January, 2021, and read on the floor by the Senate… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Tuesday received a request from President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm the nomination of Mu’azu Jaji Sambo from Taraba State as Minister of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. The confirmation request was contained in a letter dated December 8, 2021, and read… In "Top Stories"