 The Bauchi State Government on Saturday organised memorial prayer in remembrance of the late Prime Minister, Sir Abubakar Tafawa Balewa. Sen. Baba Tela, the state deputy governor,who spoke at the 3rd memorial lecture and special prayer session, held in Bauchi, said the event was organised to remember Tafawa Balewa’s sacrifice and contributions to nation building, social and economic development of the country. The deputy governor, who extolled the good virtues of the late prime minister as selfless, honest, hardworking and dignity personafied, urged Nigerians to emulate his excellent leadership qualities and developmental politics. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that highlight of the event included special prayer session held at the late prime minister’s tomb for unity and prosperity in the country. The event was attended by top government functionaries, members of the state House of Assembly, community and religious leaders as well as members of the Tafawa Balewa’s family. Tafawa Balewa alongside prominent political leaders lost their lives in the Jan. 15, 1966, aborted coup. (NAN) By Huseyn Abubakar Mbar. Bauchi - Gov. Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State has called on people of the state to honour Balewa family by turning out enmass and attending the burial of Jummai Abubakar, wife of late  Prime Minister Abubakar Tafawa Balewa. In a statement issued by Muntari Gidado, his Senior… In "News" BAUCHI - Rev Shuiabu Byal, Chairman, North East chapter of the Christian Association of Niagara (CAN) has congratulated Mr Yakubu Dogara, (APC), on his election as the Speaker of the House of Representatives. Dogara is a member of the House representing Bogoro/Tafawa Balewa/Dass Federal Constituency of Bauchi State. Byal gave… In "News" Bauchi - A non-governmental organization in Bauchi,“Save Bauchi State”, on Sunday in Bauchi donated assorted assorted drinks and beverages worth about N200,000 to  the family of Late Prime Minister of Nigeria, Sir Abubakar Tafawa Balewa. Delivering the items, chairman of the organization, Alhaji Zaharadeen Baba-Tako, said he and other members… In "News"