….Commends Nigeria National Petroleum Limited for the construction of 28 Federal Roads across the Federation. …. Hails Kyari-led Management for Implementation of the Petroleum Industrial Act (PIA) By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Group made up of Civil Society and Professionals drawn from various parts of the country have thrown their weights behind the planned removal of fuel subsidy, claiming that the regime was partly responsible for the economic woes of the country. The group further stated that the subsidy was responsible for fuel smuggling across the borders, adding that, if it is ended, the smuggling challenge would reduce. This was contained in a communique signed by the National Chairman of the group, Isah Abubakar, Secretary, Joe Moses and two other officials and made available to Sundiata Post on Monday. Sundiata Post recalls that the communique was issued after a one day national town hall meeting on held on Sunday 9th January, 2022 on Removal of Petroleum Subsidy” in Abuja. The Communique noted that the fuel subsidy which has existed for decades has been without transparency and accountability, a development that has caused the Federal government to spend a whopping sum of N250 billion monthly and the financial burden has retarded the growth and development of the country and if the trend is not reversed, it would continue to degenerate the nation’s revenue until the economy would have been irrevocably damaged.” It further observed that the removal of fuel subsidy regime as planned would facilitate the implementation of the 2022 national budget of N17.13 trillion. “That the town hall meeting observed that the petroleum subsidy was responsible for fuel smuggling across the neighbouring countries, such as Benin Republic, Niger, Chad and Cameroon. The situation would abate to a large extent, if the fuel subsidy regime is abolished and would also strengthen availability of fuel in the downstream sector of the economy. “That the Town Hall Meeting supports absolute removal of fuel subsidy and the funds in the tune of N250 billion be channelled into development of infrastructure across the country. Similarly, the group commended the Nigeria National Petroleum Limited for the construction of 28 Federal Roads across the Federation. Adding that roads are critical infrastructure, hence, if the ongoing roads are completed, the NNPC should as a matter of policy continue to plough funds into reconstruction and rehabilitation of category ‘A’ roads so as to enhance economic development of the country. While it commended the NNPC management for the implementation of the Petroleum Industry Act, 2021, the group urged the continuous reforms to reposition the oil and gas industry as one of the best in the world.” They urged the FG to ensure maintenance and rehabilitation of the government refineries in order to meet the local fuel consumption in the country. “The town hall meeting throw its weight behind the management of the Nigeria National Petroleum company Limited under the leadership of the Group Managing Director, Mele Kyari for the systematic implementation of the Petroleum Industrial Act (PIA). It further called for continuous reforms that would see the upstream and downstream petroleum sector being the best in the world. “The meeting further resolved that the Refineries in Port Harcourt and Kaduna be reactivated and upgraded to be able to refine fuel at an optimum operations for local consumption and given that the country heavily depends on the oil as its monolithic economic mainstay, the NNPC should continue to roll out policies that would keep the petroleum sector streaming.” On the palliative, the group tasked the Federal government to ensure payment to citizens, saying that it will cushion the effect of the subsidy removal, while they also urged the Nigeria Labour Congress not to embark on industrial strike, but to allow dialogue. “That the planned palliative by the Federal government to the citizens in the circumstance that the fuel subsidy regime is fully scrapped is a noble idea, as it would mitigate hardships occasioned by the removal of subsidy that may probably trigger difficulties in the cost of transportation, even as it was further identified that the NNPC should ensure availability of fuel across sales stations and effective fuel price control mechanisms until the shock is curtailed. “That the Group Managing Director of NNPC, Mr Mele Kyari be commended for the courage in the reformation of the NNPC which has seen the country survived the economic meltdown occasioned by the COVID-19 global pandemic and other factors militating against the wellbeing of the country”. “The Town Hall meeting also urged the organised labour to shelve the intended mass protest in the event that the subsidy is removed, given that the nation stands to benefit rather than some oil cartels that have been benefitting from the regime for several years now. Instead, the NLC and other allied labour organisations should engage in objective dialogue with the Federal government. About 82 Civil Society Organisations(CSOs) under the aegis of “Civil Society Coalition for Economic Development (CED) have hailed President Muhammadu Buhari over plans to end subsidy regime in Nigeria. The coalition gave the commendation in a seven-point communique issued at the end of a conference of the Coalition in Abuja… In "News" By Nse Anthony-Uko ABUJA, (Sundiata Post) – The Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Maikanti Baru, On Thursday disclosed that the nation lost about 148,533 million litres of fuel to diversion during the December fuel crisis, in Nigeria. Speaking at an investigative public hearing by a… In "Business" By Victoria Ibezim-Ohaeri   Outrage and widespread resistance greeted the Nigerian government’s attempt to remove fuel subsidy from premium motor spirit (popularly known as petrol) on January 1, 2012. The reason behind the then abrupt subsidy cuts was to block leakages that characterized the administration of subsidies, freeing up important revenue for investment in critical sectors such as health, education, infrastructure, and to create jobs. The fuel subsidy… In "Opinion"