As much as $15bn (N6.1trn at N411 to a dollar) have been frittered away through fraudulent arms procurement deals in the last 20 years, according to a report by the Centre for Democracy and Development (CDD).  The report said political and security elite have monetised the conflicts and the resulting humanitarian crises. The report said successive presidents’ failure to rein in on corruption in the security sector has weakened Nigerian counter-terrorism capacity, allowing groups like Boko Haram to smoulder. CDD asserted that despite promises by the current administration to expose those sponsoring criminals, no individual, body or corporation had been convicted in Nigeria for funding terrorism since insurgency started in 2009. The report reads in part: “Thanks to lax legislative oversight, excessive secrecy and the fact that security spending is largely exempt from due process rules designed to prevent corruption. “Successive presidents’ failure to rein in security sector corruption is a highly consequential anti-corruption failure. It has led to widespread insecurity, verging on instability, and has weakened Nigerian counter-terrorism capacity, allowing groups like Boko Haram to smoulder. “Over the last decade, political and security elite have monetised the conflicts and the resulting humanitarian crises. “During the same period, military leaders allegedly stole as much as $15bn through fraudulent arms procurement deals; thanks to lax legislative oversight, excessive secrecy and the fact that security spending is largely exempt from due process rules designed to prevent corruption. “No individual, body or corporation had been convicted in Nigeria for funding terrorism since the insurgency started in 2009 despite promises by the current administration to expose those behind sponsorship of criminals,” the report added.  (Daily Trust)  Buharimeter Mid-term Report: Buhari fulfills 45 out of 222 Campaign Promises - CDD In "News" By Olawale Olaleye  A report just published in The New York Times (NYT) has painted a depressingly grim picture of the Nigerian military in their battle against Boko Haram, claiming the terrorist sect has returned to the battlefront stronger and better armed. The story follows hard on the heels of… In "Top Stories" Abuja   -  The Civil Society Legislative Advocacy Centre (CISLAC), an NGO, on Saturday said that the fight against Boko Haram was strongly undermined by corruption in the Defence sector. Malam Auwal Musa, Executive Director of CISLAC, made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "News"