A former Commissioner for Education in Akwa Ibom State, Mr Moses Essien, has said Nigerians want ex-President Goodluck Jonathan to return as the country’s leader.  Essien, who is the National Coordinator of the Goodluck Jonathan Campaign Organisation, said this in a statement on Thursday. He said, “It often said that a good product sells itself, because it is attractive and so it naturally attracts patronage. That is what we are witnessing in the case of former President Goodluck Jonathan. “Nigeria is standing on the brink of its unity and history. The country needs urgent rescue through a trustworthy, detribalised and sincere democratic leadership that rebuilds national confidence and faith in the country. That is what GEJ represents to this country. “When you look at it from this common national denominator, you will discover that it is not just enough to say the North, but every segment of this country is hungry and anxious to have their beloved GEJ back to power once again.” Essien added that the former President stood for equity and justice, saying this was displayed during his time as the country’s leader. Essien stated, “He was fair to all, and the North, in particular, was a huge beneficiary of GEJ’s inclusive governance. For instance, in the area of education, which is central, GEJ left indelible footprints in northern Nigeria as President.”  Source Some Nigerians have urged ex-President Goodluck Jonathan to put a halt to the idea of contesting in the 2023 presidential election. This is as some others have hailed the idea that he wants to contest. There have been speculations that the ex-president may dump the opposition party for the APC… In "News" Billionaire businessman, Femi Otedola, in his forthcoming book scheduled for release in November, has described the role he played in encouraging then Vice-President Goodluck Jonathan to assume the presidency when then President Umaru Yar’Adua became incapacitated. Otedola said that his action was predicated on the advice of an ex-maximum ruler… In "News" Former Special Assistant to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan on New Media, Reno Omokri, has again accused President Muhammadu Buhari of shielding Babachir Lawal, Secretary to the Government of the Federation, SGF, from corruption. Reno said this in reaction to the raid of the home of former General Managing Director of the… In "News"