The Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt.-Gen. Faruk Yahaya, on Wednesday, paid an operational visit to 3 Brigade in Kano State in furtherance of his commitment to improving the security situation in the country. The Director, Army Public Relations, Brig.-Gen. Onyema Nwachukwu, in a statement, said that the  COAS also inaugurated multiple projects in Janguza Barracks, Kano. Nwachukwu said the newly completed projects include: 72 units of Corporals and Below Quarters (CBQ), 30 units of Single Officers’ Quarters (SOQ) and five blocks of Company Offices and training shades. According to the statement, Yahaya also visited Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje and the Emir of Kano, Alhaji Aminu Ado-Bayero during the operational tour. While inaugurating the projects, the COAS said his visit was in tandem with his command philosophy, to enable him interact with troops and obtain first hand information. The army chief said this would enhance his command and administration of the Nigerian Army. He said the dearth of personnel accommodation was receiving adequate and prompt attention with the construction of befitting accommodation across formations and units nationwide. Yahaya assured that the welfare of personnel was paramount to his command. During the visit to Gov. Ganduje, Yahaya expressed appreciation to the government and people of Kano state for their support to army formations and units in the state. He added that the Nigerian Army Battle Fitness Centre (NABFC) in Falgore had become a veritable training ground for troops and potential recruits. In his response, Ganduje commended the COAS for his sterling leadership qualities in the command and administration of the Nigerian Army. He pledged his continuous support and promised to ensure the commencement of phase II of the state government’s support to NABFC. Also, the Emir of Kano, Ado-Bayero called on all well meaning Nigerians to throw their weight behind the Nigerian Army and other security agencies in tackling the security challenges bedeviling the nation. He stated that citizens engagement and support were crucial for operational success. The emir commended the army for the sacrifices and relentless efforts of its troops in the pursuit of peace and security in Kano and the nation in general. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Chief of Army Staff, Lt Gen Faruk Yahaya today 26 January, 2022 paid a courtesy visit to the Governor of Kano state, Dr Abdullahi Ganduje and the Emir of Kano, Alhaji Aminu Ado Bayero in his resolve to improve the security in the… In "Top Stories" By Sumaila Ogbaje ABUJA - The Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt.-Gen. Faruk Yahaya, has granted automatic promotion to 19NA/782148 Pte Jamilu Mohammed, for display of professionalism in military skills at the regimental Quarter Guard. Brig.-Gen. Onyema Nwachukwu, Director, Army Public Relations, said in a statement on Monday, that the… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lieutenant General Faruk Yahaya on Wednesday commissioned the Nigerian Army Cyber Warfare Command (NACWC) Off Grid Solar Farm. The Army Chief also harped on the need for continuous capacity development amongst personnel of the Nigerian Army. Adding… In "Top Stories"