By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Chief of Army Staff(COAS), Lieutenant General Faruk Yahaya has commissioned newly completed official residence of the Regimental Sergeant Major (RSM) of 1 Division, Nigerian Army and several other quarters for Senior Non -commissioned Officers in Dalet Cantonment, Kawo, Kaduna. The COAS commissioned the new residential quarters, today Tuesday 25 Jan 2022 during an operational visit to Headquarters 1 Division, Nigerian Army, the Director Army Public Relations, Brigadier General Onyema Nwachukwu said in a statement made available to Sundiata Post. According to the statement, General Yahaya speaking during the commissioning, averred that RSMs are very vital in the management of soldiers and play the crucial role of inculcating discipline, as well as promoting ethos, traditions and doctrinal values of the Nigerian Army, amongst personnel in formations and units. He acknowledged that service discipline and experiential knowledge imbibed from RSMs by soldiers, build the foundation of trust and confidence, which enhance stability of formations and units across the Nigerian Army. The COAS maintained, that commissioning of the buildings is part of his welfare agenda for the RSMs, aimed at restoring the prestige of the office. He later handed over keys of the building to Army Warrant Officer(AWO) Adams Bamidele, the RSM of 1 Division, Nigerian Army. It will be recalled, that since assumption of office, the COAS has through his Command policies and administration, been boosting troops’ morale and reinvigorating their fighting will, with the prompt implementation of welfare policies and dispensation of welfare packages, such as the introduction of welfare flights for troops and their families, in and out of Operational theatres, construction of new accommodation quarters and renovation of dilapidated ones, to solve personnel’s accommodation challenges and sponsoring of Wounded in Action officers and soldiers for treatment overseas. He has also presented Hilux vehicles to serving and retired RSMs to restore the dignity associated with the office and empower them to effectively carry out their duties. By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post- The Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Farouk Yahaya has assured that his operational visit to the units and formation of the Nigerian Army Commands will boost the confidence of troops to perform better. The Army Chief said that the Operation Safe Haven (OPSH), and… In "Top Stories" Abuja -  The Nigerian Army on Tuesday reiterated its commitment to continue to protect the territorial integrity of the country. The Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai, made the statement at the 2016 Regimental Sergeant Majors (RSMs) Convention at the Army Resource Centre, Abuja. The theme of this… In "Metro" The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), on Thursday appointed Major General Farouk Yahaya as the new Chief of Army Staff, one week after the demise of the former COAS, Lt. Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru and 10 others in a plane crash in Kaduna. Until his appointment, Yahaya was the Theatre… In "News"