One of the newly procured Warri-Itakpe standard gauge train coaches was on Tuesday evening gutted by fire.  A staff of the NRC disclosed that the cause of the fire was still unknown. “The cause of the fire is still unknown as we speak, but it has finally been put out. It is one of the new trains that run scheduled trips between Warri and Itakpe,” the staff explained. When asked why NRC workers were seen in a video battling the fire with leaves and blankets instead of a fire extinguisher, the staff said most of the train coaches don’t have fire extinguishers fitted in them. “Most of the train coaches do not have fire extinguishers, so the workers used what was available to quench the fire, even though a substantial part of the coach was burnt,” the staff explained. When contacted, the NRC spokesman Mr Mahmood Yakub said investigation was ongoing to unravel the cause of the fire incident. He said: “The Managing Director would be addressing the media on the cause of the fire but investigation is ongoing to know the cause of the fire on one of the coaches of the Warri-Itakpe train.”  Source By Lucy Ogalue Abuja - The Minister of Transportation, Mr Rotimi Amaechi, says the Federal Government was committed to addressing the surge in train passengers across the country. Towards this end, 10 new coaches would be launched in November to help address passenger surge at the train stations. Amaechi told… In "News" By Taiye Elebiyo-Edeni Lagos. -. The Federal Government has ordered two additional coaches for the Abuja-Kaduna rail service route to solve the passengers upsurge. Mr Rotimi Amaechi, Minister of Transportation, gave the directive on Monday during the monthly inspection of the ongoing Lagos-Ibadan rail line at Ologueru, Ibadan. News Agency… In "News" By Ezra Musa   Kaduna   -         The Kaduna State Fire Service says it has trained Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) and the Independent Corrupt Practices Commission (ICPC) staff on fire prevention in the state. Mr Paul Aboi, the Director Fire Service made this known in an interview with the… In "News"