The national leader of the All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, on Sunday, met with the Governor of Katsina State, Aminu Masari.  The former governor of Lagos State also met with the Katsina State Executive Council members. The visit was in condolence with the state over the murder of the Commissioner for Science, Technology and Innovation, Dr Rabe Nasir. Tinubu and his entourage arrived Government House, Katsina, around 3pm and stayed for almost two hours during which he admonished Nigerians to be vigilant of their environment. He said, “We are here to condole with you on the wicked assassination of the Honourable Commissioner of Science and Technology. The Executive Governor had introduced him to me as one of the most reliable and resourceful individual from Katsina, with a very broad knowledge of Nigeria as a country. “I sympathise with you for the loss. We share the grief, but only God is the giver of life and the taker. Evil men may interfere and try to tempt Allah, but He is the giver and He is the taker. It has been written as it happened. Don’t let your faith in God Almighty shake. There are temptations coming from evil and evil doers. “Equally, it’s a very trying period; Katsina is going through a lot of sudden insecurity. Please, whatever happens to one of us happens to all of us. “Let us be vigilant. Let us help our country. Let us preach peace and a change of mind to those who are determined to bring terrorism, kidnapping and evil doing to our midst, to stop. “We urge the Federal Government of President Muhammadu Buhari as the Commander-in-Chief of the armed forces to use all means necessary to eliminate these people. “It’s not easy to get to the seed of a palm carnel, as they say in my native Yoruba land, from its kernel. We are going to support the President until he gets the cracker to get the seed of evil out of the entire territory of Nigeria. “We’ll continue to pray with you to conquer evil of sudden kidnapping, maiming and killing of innocent lives. “It’s not tolerable. Nigeria will win the war. Evil will not thrive. What they don’t understand is that this country is larger and greater than any of us. “Let us be more vigilant and pay attention to whatever is happening in our surrounding and appeal to the public to give information to the government of suspicious movement and those they think might be planning evil.” Tinubu and members of his entourage among who were Senator Kashim Shettima (former Governor of Borno State), Malam Nuhu Ribadu (one time Chairman of the EFCC) as well as Senator Abu Ibrahim who once represented Katsina South at the National Assembly and Honourable James Faleke were later treated to a lunch before departing Katsina. By Ismaila Chafe   Daura    -      President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday departed Katsina State, for Yola after a five-day private visit to his home in Daura. The president was in Daura to commiserate with members of his extended family, who were bereaved recently. The presidential aircraft took… In "News" A former Lagos state governor, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu has commiserated with victims of Katsina Central Market fire by making a donation of N50 million. He made the donation on Wednesday. Tinubu had visited the market to condole with the traders who lost properties worth billions of naira. He was at… In "News" Governor Aminu Masari has disclosed that Katsina State Commissioner of Science and Technology, Dr Rabe Nasir, was killed in his residence last Wednesday by assassins and not bandits as reported. This is as he said all States in the Northwest must collaborate to address the security challenge troubling that region.… In "News"