 Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia has called on Nigerians to appreciate the sacrifices of the Armed Forces by engaging in acts that promote peace and harmony in the country.Ikpeazu made the call on Saturday during this year’s Armed Forces Remembrance Day celebration at the Aguiyi Ironsi Cenotaph, Umuahia.The governor, who was represented by Dep. Gov. Oko Chukwu, said that Nigerians should show greater commitment toward nation’s peace and unity.He said that the occasion ought to serve as a solemn reminder of the need for Nigerians to resolve and renew their commitment to continue to live in unity.According to him, the gallantry of the nation’s fallen heroes cannot easily be erased because it has been engraved into the nation’s existence.“We cannot fail to commend the efforts of the Nigerian Armed Forces in the fight against Boko Haram, insurgency, banditry and kidnapping, terrorism and secessionists, among other forms of criminalities.“We will continue to prioritise security and always partner security agencies in our efforts to sustain the prevailing peace and security in the state.“As a responsive government, we will continue to encourage and support the Nigerian Legion and security agencies in all areas possible for the sustenance of unity,” Ikpeazu said. (NAN) Umuahia  -  Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia has urged Nigerians to reflect on the sacrifices of fallen heroes who laid their lives for the unity of the nation. Ikpeazu made the call at the 2016 Armed Forces Remembrance Day celebration in Umuahia on Friday He enjoined Nigerians to stand on… In "News" By Sam Oditah Umuahia -   Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia on Monday said his administration would continue to pay priority attention to security of lives and property in the state. Ikpeazu said this in his message to the 2018 Armed Forces Remembrance Day celebration in Umuahia. He said the… In "News" Abuja- President Goodluck Jonathan has called on Nigerians to be steadfast in their prayers for members of the Armed Forces and their families for their sacrifices in the war on terrorism. He made the call on Sunday in Abuja at an inter-denominational church service held at the National Christian Centre… In "News"