Abiodun Alabi has been appointed as the new Lagos State Commissioner of Police.  The appointment was made by the Inspector-General of Police, Alkali Usman Baba. Alabi will take over the leadership of the state Police Command from the immediate past commissioner, Hakeem Odumosu, on January 24, 2022. Alabi was the former Bauchi State Commissioner of Police. In a statement issued by the Force Public Relations Officer, CP Frank Mba, the new police commissioner is due for retirement on December 31, 2024. Alabi’s appointment followed the promotion of Odumosu to the rank of Assistant Inspector-General of Police in December 2021. Recall that the Police Service Commission (PSC) had approved the promotion of Odumosu and five others to the rank of Assistant Inspector General of Police. This was made known in a statement to newsmen by the PSC spokesperson, Ikechukwu Ani. Also, two Assistant Inspectors-General (AIG) were also promoted to the rank of Deputy Inspectors-General (DIG). A former Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) in charge of the Lagos State Criminal Investigation Department (SCID) Yaba, DCP Yetunde Longe, alongside 16 others were promoted to the rank of CPs. The PSC also promoted 24 Assistant Commissioners of Police (ACP) to the next rank of DCP; 49 Chief Superintendents of Police (CSP) to the rank of Assistant Commissioners. The commission promoted 74 Superintendents of Police to CSPs and 866 Deputy Superintendents of Police (DSP) to Superintendents (SP) as well as 6, 177 other officers. According to the PSC, the two AIG’s promoted to DIGs are AIG Zaki Ahmed and AIG Johnson Babatunde Kokumo. The statement disclosed that Odumosu and the five others’ promotions to AIG were based on appeals presented before it by the affected officers, requesting for an adjustment in the promotion date, adding that this was approved.   Source ....Harps on professionalism, efficiency  BY Chibuike Nwabuko The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Alkali Baba Usman, psc(+), NPM, fdc, on Friday, 14th January, 2022 decorated twenty-five (25) newly promoted Senior Police Officers at the Goodluck Jonathan Peacekeeping Centre, Force Headquarters, Abuja. The Officers who have been found worthy in all ramifications to… In "Top Stories" Abuja  -  The Police Service Commission (PSC) has approved the promotion of 156 senior Police Officers to the next rank. This is contained in a statement issued by Mr Ikechukwu Ani, Head, Press and Public Relations of the commission and issued to newsmen on Tuesday in Abuja. It said that… In "Top Stories" The Police Service Commission (PSC) has approved the appointment of six Deputy Inspectors General of Police (DIG) with two to proceed on pre-retirement leave. According to a statement by the Head, Press and Public Relations, of the Commission, Ikechukwu Ani in Abuja, the remaining four are to replace the four… In "Top Stories"