A group, the All Electricity Consumers Protection Forum, said the displeasure of the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), with the performance of the power sector is an indictment on the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission.  The group advised the president to scrap NERC, which is the power sector regulator, and move its responsibilities to the Federal Competition and Consumer Protection Commission. Its National Coordinator, Adeola Samuel-Ilori, gave the advice in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria on Thursday in Lagos. NAN reports that Buhari had in a televised interview on Wednesday said he was not happy with the state of electricity in Nigeria. He had also questioned the financial and technical competencies of the Electricity Distribution Companies inherited by the administration. Power generation in the country still hovers below 5,000MW despite the 13,000MW installed capacity. However, Samuel-Ilori noted that the buck stops on the table of the president who should demonstrate sufficient political will to rejig the power sector in the interest of national development. He said, “Our advice to the president is to scrap NERC for not living up to its responsibilities of regulating the industry. State police not an option, Buhari insists“The government should put the sector under the supervision of the FCCPC which had in recent times shown that it had what required to protect the interest of Nigerians. “If we have a regulator that cannot only bark but can bite, all the stakeholders in the electricity value-chain, especially the DisCos, will sit up.” Samuel-Ilori noted that the DisCos had for several years ignored NERC’s directives without sanctions, which had encouraged impunity in the sector. He said, for instance, NERC’s order on capping of Estimated Billing was not obeyed by some DisCos, compelling the All Electricity Consumers Protection Forum to institute a suit against NERC and the DisCos before an Ikeja High Court. According to him, the Meter Assets Providers scheme also stipulates a 10-day period for customers to be metered after making payment but some of the Discos are not adhering to the directive. Samuel-Ilori decried the slow pace of metering of electricity customers across the country, adding that Nigerians should be allowed to procure their meters directly from any source by the DisCos.  NAN By Solomon Asowata Lagos, - The Electricity Consumer Protection Forum on Monday opposed the request by power Generation Companies (Gencos) and Distribution Companies (DisCos) for N1.2 trillion bailout from the Federal Government (FG). The group’s National Coordinator, Mr Adeola Samuel-Ilori, made its position known in an interview with the News… In "News" By Yemi Adeleye Lagos, - All Electricity Consumers Protection Forum, an electricity advocacy group, on Thursday, called on Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC), to shelve its plan to carry out survey to determine consumers’ readiness to pay for metres. Mr Adeola Samuel-Ilori, the National Coordinator of the forum, made the… In "Business" Nigerians have roundly rejected the resolve of the industry regulators to hike electricity tariffs across board from April 1, 2020. They described as epileptic and grossly unavailable power supply to all end users across the country that make any rate hike inadvisable. To avoid any untoward actions, they citizens appealed… In "News"