A former senator, Mrs Grace Bent has dragged Precious Chikwendu, estranged wife of former Aviation Minister, Mr Femi Fani-Kayode to the Federal High Court, Abuja over alleged defamation of character.  When the matter was called on Monday, however, Chikwendu was absent in court and there was no legal representation on her behalf. Mr Joseph Offor who announced his appearance for the prosecution said that he was holding the brief of Mr Victor Okoye who was away in Lagos. Offor told the court that he had little information about the case and so could not explain why Chikwendu and her legal team were absent in court. The trial judge, Justice Obiora Egwuatu subsequently adjourned the matter until March 10 for arraignment. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Chikwendu, an ex-beauty queen had, through her social media handle, accused Bent of using the police to intimate her with regards to the feud between her and her former husband. Bent, however, in a statement, described the allegation as “very weighty” adding that she was consulting with her legal team and would not hesitate to seek appropriate legal redress. Bent, who is a close friend and longtime political associate of Fani-Kayode, has debunked the allegations, describing it as a “very weighty” one that carries “assassination tendencies and intendment.” (NAN) A former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode, has separated from his wife, Precious Chikwendu, with whom he had four sons.  According to The PUNCH. Fani-Kayode has, however, written a pre-litigation letter to popular blogger, Stella Dimokorkus, demanding N2bn from her for a report he termed libelous. The blogger had in… In "News" Mr Femi Fani-Kayode, former Minister of Aviation, has joined issues with his ex-wife, Precious Chikwendu, at the Federal High Court, Abuja. Precious instituted a fundamental rights enforcement suit against Fani-Kayode, the Inspector-General of Police (I-GP) and his officers, claiming N800 million as damages. Listed as respondents in the suit are… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode has reacted to the six-year celibate claim by his ex-wife, Precious Chikwendu, describing it as a diabolical fabrication from the pit of hell. Fani-Kayode who reacted through his counsel, Ayodeji Sunday Ibikunle, alleged that she is suffering… In "Top Stories"