No fewer than 80 persons were weekend arrested in Ondo state by officials of the state’s Waste Management Authority over violation of environmental laws of the state. They were arrested in different locations in Akure, the state capital during the monthly environmental sanitation exercise. General Manager of the agency, Mrs Ayo Adeyemo who said this expressed dissatisfaction over the lackadaisical attitude of some residents of the state towards the cleaning of the environment. Adeyemo said some residents did not comply with the exercise which happened to be the first edition in the year 2022. According to her “We are not impressed because the people are not complying at all. They were burning refuse, some people were holding service in their churches, which is not supposed to be. “Environmental sanitation hours should be hours people should keep their environment clean, and not conducting programmes in churches. “Also, some people were selling things. They didn’t even care, maybe probably because we didn’t hold environmental sanitation exercise last year December because it was a festive period. “The drivers too were just loading in the parks. Apart from loading, their surroundings were just filthy, unhealthy and littered with waste. So, generally, we are not impressed”. Adeyemo warned those who were fond of dumping refuse in unauthorized places to desist from such unhealthy acts or be ready to face the full weight of the law. Those arrested were later charged to Court for prosecution. By Sunday John Lafia - The Nasarawa State Government has vowed to  punish violators of its sanitation laws. Musa Ibrahim, the state’s Commissioner of Environment and Natural Resources made this known on Saturday in Lafia, while monitoring  the monthly sanitation exercise. The commissioner, who was represented by Rilwanu Ciroma, the… In "News" Sanitation literally means measures necessary for improving and protecting the people’s health and wellbeing. It promotes proper disposal of human and animal wastes, proper use of toilet, general cleanliness as well as the need to avoid open defecation. In spite of the glaring need to always keep the environment clean,… In "News" By Olajide Idowu Osogbo  -  Mr Idowu Korede, Osun Commissioner for Environment and Sanitation, says the state government will enforce its environmental laws to instil the culture of sanitation in the citizens of the state. The commissioner said this in Osogbo on Friday during an advocacy visit to the Correspondents… In "News"