Dubai-based internet celebrity, Ismailia Mustapha, aka Mompha, and his firm, Ismalob Global Investment Limited, have been arraigned for alleged money laundering.  Economic and Financial Crimes Commission arraigned Mompha and Ismalob before Justice Mojisola Dada of an Ikeja Special Offences Court on Wednesday. “Ismaila Mustapha (Aka Mompha) arraigned this morning, January 12, 2022, for offences bothering on Money Laundering and use of property derived from an unlawful act. “He was arraigned before Justice Mojisola Dada of the Special Offences Court, sitting in Ikeja, Lagos,” EFCC posted. The anti-corruption had on Monday announced that Mompha was re-arrested for alleged money laundering. “Operatives of the Lagos Command of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, have re-arrested a suspected internet fraudster, Ismailia Mustapha, for laundering funds obtained through unlawful activities and retention of alleged proceeds of crime. EFCC re-arrests Mompha for ‘money laundering’“Mompha was arrested on Monday, January 10, 2022,” it said. Details later… By Sandra Umeh Lagos - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) on Wednesday, re-arraigned social media celebrity, Ismaila Mustapha, alias Mompha, in a Federal High Court Lagos, for alleged N32.9billion fraud. Mompha was first arraigned by the commission on 14 counts bordering on fraud, money laundering and running a… In "News" •Abdulrasheed Bawa, EFCC chairman ABUJA - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has denied claims by Ismaila Mustapha, alias Mompha, that he has been advised by the Commission to maintain a low profile in the aftermath of the Hushpuppi saga. Reacting to Mompha’s claims circulating on social media, Wilson… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Hamza Koudeih, the Lebanese associate of Ismaila Mustapha, popularly known as Mompha has been remanded in prison by a federal high court in Lagos. Hamza Koudeih (left) Koudeih who was arraigned for “internet fraud and money laundering”, was remanded alongside one Kayode Phillip, also an associate of… In "News"