ABUJA – Former President of the Senate, Anyim Pius Anyim, has urged Nigerians to have hope that the new year 2022 would be better than 2021. In a new year message to Nigerians made available to Sundiata Post, Anyim, who is also a former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, said 2022 offers Nigerians new hope and fresh opportunities. The full message reads: “I felicitate with fellow  Nigerians for making it to 2022. Let us all give God all the glory  for His mercies and loving kindness. “2021 was a challenging year. A combination of  natural disasters and man-made crisis put Nigeria and Nigerians through very challenging life-tests that stretched our capacities for endurance to the limits. “Economic crisis manifested  in inflation, unemployment, under-employment, job losses, weak Naira and general low earning capacities that brought Nigerians face to face with threat to their very survival. “Insecurity which many citizens had wished would abate got a resurgence in 2021, compounding the already difficult life for most Nigerians. “Again, there was the COVID-19 pandemic which made a devastating come- back in other variants that shrank social and economic interactions further, and retarded the initial modest economic recoveries made after the first pandemic in 2019. “Indeed, we all still mourn many Nigerians that died and lament for those that got dislocated, some permanently, from these sad developments of 2021. “From the ashes of 2021, I see hope for Nigerians in the new Year 2022. God promises us Hope in times of despair, strength in times of weakness, recovery after tragedies. Our Maker also promised that He will never forsake us in times of trouble. “I therefore charge Nigerians to key into the promises of God in this New Year and stand strong as the overcomers we are as children of God. In 2022, let us demonstrate courage and determination to pull our country back from the precipice.  One way of achieving this triumph is by taking even more seriously, our duties as citizens and obligations to be our brothers keepers. We must dedicate ourselves to building a more peaceful and cohesive society with justice and equity for all our people and neighbours. “I wish fellow Nigerians  a happier, safer, more peaceful and prosperous 2022.” •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim Let me start by expressing my profound appreciation to the organisers of this event for the honour to formally present this unique publication “Remaking Nigeria: sixty years, sixty voices”. Having listened to the book Reviewer I want to believe that our appetite has been sufficiently whetted… In "Opinion" •Senator Adolphus Wabara (left) and Senator Anyim Pius Anyim at the occasion •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim and Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe at the occasion The 2023 presidential aspiration of former Senator President, Anyim Pius Anyim receivef a major boost on Tuesday as anotherformer president of the Senate, Chief Adolphus Wabara and… In "Top Stories" ABUJA - The public presentation of a new book titled Remaking Nigeria: Sixty Years, Sixty Voices will hold on Thursday, August 19, 2021, at the Yar ‘Adua Centre, Abuja.   Edited by Chido Onumah, the 437-page book is a collection of 60 essays by 60 young Nigerians to commemorate the 60th anniversary of Nigeria’s… In "News"