Nigeria will face Tunisia in the second game of the Round of 16 on Sunday after the Carthage Eagles finished third in Group F. Tunisia has had a tough AFCON 2021 experience, falling 1-0 to Mali in their opening game that was filled with controversy before thumping Mauritania 4-1 in their next game. Just before the game against Gambia that ended in a 1-0 loss for the 2004 winners, half of the squad tested positive for Covid-19 which meant they had to prosecute a must win match with a depleted squad. They come up against a much fancied Super Eagles side that breezed through their group, collecting all available nine points and conceding just once from the spot. The fixture will be a repeat of the third place play-off at the 2019 edition which Odion Ighalo’s 3rd minute strike decided. In their last four AFCON meetings (2000, 2004, 2006, 2019), Nigeria has triumphed three times and should make light work of Mondher Kebaier’s men considering the form the three times winners are in. The game is billed for 8pm Nigerian time at the Stade Roumdé Adjia in Garoua. See full Round of 16 pairing below… Burkina Faso vs Gabon Nigeria vs Tunisia Guinea vs Gambia Cameroon vs Comoros Senegal vs Cape Verde Morocco vs Malawi Ivory Coast vs Egypt Mali vs Equatorial Guinea Super Eagles coach, Augustine Eguavoen, said Nigerian players cut Egypt captain, Mohamed Salah, off the ball to record victory. He said this during a post-match interview after Nigeria defeated Egypt 1-0 on Tuesday. Egypt depended heavily on Liverpool ace Mohamed Salah, recently shortlisted for the FIFA Best Player award. The… In "Sports" By Victor Okoye Abuja,  -     A cross-section of Abuja-based football enthusiasts say the Super Eagles were outstanding against the Mediterranean Knights of Libya on Saturday in an Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) qualifier in Uyo. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Odion Ighalo scored a hat-trick as the Super… In "Sports" The city of Alexandria is already feeling the vibration ahead of Saturday’s epic showdown between the Super Eagles and Indomitable Lions of Cameroon. It is one of the round of 16 fixtures in the Egypt 2019 Afcon, which could have been avoided if Nigeria had picked a draw in their… In "Sports"