Kogi State Governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello has invited Lagos-based secondary school student, identified as Mayowa, who drew a portrait of him and has placed him on lifetime scholarship.  Mayowa, a secondary school student, had on December 21 2021, drawn and uploaded the artwork depicting governor Bello in northern, southern, and eastern attire, connoting the governor’s “unifier” title. The post made via the Instagram handle, @cridarts, had about 473 views. In the post, the young artist wrote, “I did a painting of Governor Yahaya Bello @officialgybkogi. Please guys, help me tag @officialgybkogi until he sees this.” Receiving the apparently elated artist in Abuja on Wednesday, Bello offered him a lifetime school scholarship. The governor said he is pleased with the creativity and talent of the young man and would be available to see him through in his academics. Bello is known for appreciating creativity and encouraging young people. He is said to be the only governor in Nigeria whose cabinet is made up of over 70% of youths.  Source By Teddy Nwanunobi Abuja (Sundiata Post) — Kogi State Governor, Yahaya Bello, has described Senator Joseph Waku as "a clownish alarmist" for claiming that he (Bello) had a hand in the alleged assassination attempt on Senator Dino Melaye. Bello, who spoke in Lokoja through his Director General on Media and… In "News" (Sundiata Post) -- In order to relieve parents and guardians some financial burdens, the Kogi State Governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello has increased the bursary allowance of Kogi State indigenes in tertiary institutions by 300 per cent with immediate approval of payment to registered students for the 2017/2018 academic session. In… In "News" According to Punch Metro, Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State on Thursday knelt before the people of Kogi State, asking them to forgive Governor Yahaya Bello for any wrong he had done. The Deputy Governor of Edo State, Philip Shaibu, also knelt down next to el-Rufai. However, Bello did not… In "Politics"