 Prominent Nigerians have continued to visit the Ogbomoso residence of the former Governor of Oyo State, Chief Adebayo Alao-Akala , to commiserate with his family. Some of the dignitaries who visited the Opadoyin residence of the Alao-Akalas on Friday were Gov. Adegboyega Oyetola of Osun and Gov. Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti. Others were Mrs Florence Ajimobi, widow of former Gov. Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo State and members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Elders Advisory Council in the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the home of the Alao-Akalas had become a Mecca or sorts since the demise of former governor died on Jan. 12. Earlier, Sen. Bola Tinubu, one of the APC national leaders of APC, Gov. Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State, Gov. Dapo Abiodun of Ogun and Gov. Seyi Makinde had visited the family. Also on the list were Gov. Abdur-Razaq Abdulrahman of Kwara, Sen. Abdulfatai Buhari, Sen. Teslim Folarin, Sen. Kola Balogun and former Gov. Gbenga Daniel of Ogun. Others were Alhaji Hazeem Gbolarumi, Chief Niyi Akintola , Rev. Supo Ayokunle, Hon. Folake Olunloyo-Oshinowo, Prof. Abideen Olaiya, Prof. Dibu Ojerinde, Chief Bisi Ilaka and Dr Dare Akande. Mrs Ajimobi, in her condolence message, described Alao-Akala’s death as another great loss to her family, saying she looked up to him to fill the vacuum her late husband had left behind. “I thought and hoped you will be there for us as family for a very long time. Yet death threw a big blow at us. But who are we to question God? We submit and accept. “You sacrificed for APC and that labour will not be in vain. We will definitely miss you a great deal. “Please greet my dear husband Abiola, your own friend and brother. We love you, but God loves you more. Rest in perfect peace,’’ she wrote. She prayed that God receives the souls of the departed and spare those they have left behind. NAN recalls that that youths and other residents of Ogbomoso had on Wednesday in their thousands held a candle light procession in honour of the late Alao-Akala. (NAN) By Akeem Abas Ibadan - The All Progressives Congress(APC), Oyo State Chapter, has lauded Gov. Abiola Ajimobi for naming some roads and institutions after late former governor, Lam Adesina, and other prominent indigenes.. Chief Akin Oke, the State Chairman of the party, commended Ajimobi while addressing newsmen at the parry’s… In "News" By Akeem Abas Ibadan -  All Progressives Congress (APC) National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu on Saturday in Ibadan declared the death of opposition parties in Oyo State. Tinubu made the declaration during a mega rally at the ancient Mapo Hall, while receiving former Gov. Adebayo Alao-Akala, former Senate Leader, Teslim… In "Top Stories" By Akeem Abas   Ibadan   -     Vice President Yemi Osinbajo and wife of President ,Aisha Buhari were among the dignitaries that attended the wedding reception of Idris and Fatima Ajimobi. The News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) reports that prominent Nigerians converged on Agodi Gardens in Ibadan on Saturday to celebrate with… In "News"