The mother of late Sylvester Oromoni Jnr, the late 12-year-old student of Dowen College, Lagos has placed a curse on those who are guilty of murdering her son.  In a video which had now gone viral, Mrs Oromoni who could not hold back tears, prayed for God to fight for her and cut short the lives of all those who cut short the life of her son. She further prayed that God should cut short the lives of all those supporting her son’s killers and make them feel the pain that she is feeling. “I thank Nigerians and I appreciate everyone for the love they have for us, the parents and family of Sylvester. I so much appreciate Nigerians, as God used them and is still using them to fight for us, God will fight for them. “Nigerians, I am happy and I appreciate the deep love you have for us. But this battle that is on ground is of the Lord. Everlasting living God, the creator of heaven and earth, the beginning and the end, the first and the last, the owner of the whole planet, the God who created the whole universe will surely avenge the death of my son, Sylvester Oromoni Jnr. “For this, the whole world will know that there is God that fights for the oppressed. Jehovah God arise and let those that cut the life of my son short , cut their lives short. And those that are supporting them, oh lord, cut their lives short. ”Let them feel the pain that I am passing through. Let them feel the pains that I am passing through. Let them breathe the air Oh God. Arise! God of vengeance arise. Everlasting God arise. ”If they breathe the air in, Baba God, may your wrath fall on them. Those that supported the evil, Baba God, you know them, may your wrath fall on them, let them feel your anger, and let me see the result. Jehovah move! Avenge the death of my son, Sylvester Oromoni Jnr. “People celebrated the new year, celebrated Christmas, I did not celebrate with my son and those who are trying to turn this matter upside down, God of vengeance, arise oh Lord, don’t be silent, Arise and crush all of them. Let the whole world see your finger fighting this battle for me.” She prayed that God should arise and deal with those that are trying to turn the case and give her son an evil name.  The aggrieved mother was reacting to a report that the Lagos State Government cleared students and employees of Dowen College of complicity in the death of Sylvester Jnr. This was contained in a legal advice issued on Tuesday and signed by the Director of Public Prosecution, Adetutu Osinusi. According to Osinusi, police investigation and the two autopsies conducted on the body of the deceased failed to establish a prima facie case against the suspects — five students and five staff of the college. The Legal Advice addressed to the Deputy Commissioner of Police in charge of State Criminal Investigation Department and Chief Magistrate, Olatunbosun Adeola, stated that the interim and final autopsy reports issued by the Lagos State University Teaching Hospital and toxicology report of post-mortem samples established the cause of death as Septicaemia, Lobar Pneumonia with Acute Pyelonephritis, Pyomyositis of the right ankle and Acute Bacteria Pneumonia due to severe Sepsis. The state government, therefore, concluded that based on the findings, there was no prima facie case of murder, involuntary manslaughter and or malicious administering of poison with intent to harm against the suspects including Favour Benjamin (16), Micheal Kashamu (15), Edward Begue (16), Ansel Temile (14) and Kenneth Inyang (15). The report further stated that, “The outcome of both post-mortem examinations conducted were in agreement as to the cause of death namely: Septicaemia, Lobar Pneumonia with Acute Pyelonephritis, Pyomyositis of the right ankle and Acute Bacteria Pneumonia due to severe Sepsis. The result of the toxicology is also not indicative of any toxic or poisonous substance in the body of the deceased. “It is trite law that for the prosecution to successfully prove the offence of murder, the following must be established: “That the accused caused the death of the deceased. That the act or omission of the accused caused the death and that the act or omission of the accused was intentional with the knowledge that the death or grievous bodily harm was its probable consequence. See Edoho vs. The State (2010) 14 NWLR (Pt. 214) 651. SC and Paul vs State (2019) LPELR-47366 (SC). “In the same vein, the prosecution must prove the following ingredients to establish the offence of involuntary manslaughter: That the death of the deceased was by the involuntary but negligent act of the accused and that there is absence of intent to cause such death or grievous bodily harm due to the circumstance of the act. See the case of Ajisogun vs. State (1998) 13 NWLR (Pt. 581) 238 @2583, Olabode vs. State (2008) WRN (Vol.2) 167 at 177, P. 194.” The DPP concluded that the facts as contained in the duplicate case file sent to it by the police failed to establish any of the ingredients for the offences. Meanwhile, the state cleared the minors of belonging to unlawful society due to insufficient facts to establish the offence. It stated that, “From available facts in the duplicate case file, the investigation carried out by the police did not reveal that any secret society name, tattoo or insignia of any unlawful society was found in the possession of any of the suspects during the investigation carried out by the police. “To hold otherwise would amount to sniffing for an offence and a speculative act which is not permitted in law. It is trite law that suspicion no matter how grave cannot be a ground for conviction.” The state also cleared the school and five of its employees: Celina Uduak, Valentine Igboekweze, Hammed Ayomo Bariyu, Adesanya Olusesan Olusegun and one Adeyemi of the offence of negligent act causing harm contrary to section 252 of the Criminal Law Ch. C17, Vol.3, Laws of Lagos State 2015. The state government, therefore, directed that all the suspects should be released if they were still in custody. Father of Sylvester Oromoni Jnr., the Junior Secondary School 2 student of Dowen College, Lagos, who died after allegedly being tortured by his schoolmates for refusing to join a cult group, has explained why the family marked his posthumous birthday on Saturday, December 4. Speaking with The Nation, Oromoni Sylvester… In "News" A parent has said that her son had a faced a similar ordeal to that of the late Sylvester Oromoni as a pupil of Dowen College Lekki. The mother shared her experience during a zoom meeting organised by the Concerned Parents and Educators’ network – group of about 200,000 parents… In "News" The embattled management of Dowen College, Lagos has vowed to work alongside the authorities in the investigation into the death of one of its pupils, Sylvester Oromoni, who was allegedly tortured by colleagues for refusing to join a cult. In a statement issued on Saturday, the school described the young… In "News"