AWKA – Some residents of Anambra have said the Indigenous People of Biafra’s (IPOB) sit-at-home order is emasculating the economy of eastern part of the country thereby impoverishing the people. They said this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) at Awka on Monday. Mrs Ngozi Nwaude, a community leader in Enugwu-Ukwu, Njikoka Local Government Area, called on the leaders of group to adopt a persuasive approach to their their social mobilisation campaign. She said by enforcing the sit-at-home order through the instrument of fear and intimidation, IPOB had become the enemy of many residents of the area. She said it was unfortunate that a group that claimed to be involved in emancipation of the people would take actions that would inflict pain on the same populace. She said IPOB had succeeded in causing panic and unnecessary hardship for travelers and called on the group to jettison their action and embrace peace through dialogue with relevant government agencies.. “I have to reschedule my flight to another date because I could not find my way to Asaba Airport. Mrs Grace Anagor a petty trader said that the directive has turned to a joke taken too far because it was really damaging people’s sources of livelihood. Anagor said that the worst hit was on the poor and elderly ones and urged all parties concerned to embrace dialogue for the sake of the common people. Mr Ugochukwu Okigbo, a transporter described the situation as hopeless, saying it posed an economic threat to daily income earners. Okigbo said described his journey from Asaba to Awka as “horrible’’ adding he once spent 12 hours on the journey that on a good day should last just some hours. The IPOB had claimed its directive is in solidarity with Mr Nnamdi Kanu who is facing terrorism among other charges. (NAN). By Peter Okolie, Emma Ndukuba, Sam Odita and Alex Enebeli Enugu -  The sit-at-home order by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) on Friday disrupted commercial and academic activities in Onitsha, Anambra as markets, banks and schools were closed in compliance. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the… In "News" The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB has revealed the reason why it imposed sit-at-home order in Anambra starting from November 5th. Speaking on Thursday, IPOB denied asking residents of Anambra State to boycott the November 6 governorship election in the state. IPOB explained that its sit-at-home order has nothing to… In "News" The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has said its Monday’s sit-at-home order remains cancelled. IPOB’s spokesman, Emma Powerful, said anyone found to be enforcing the sit-at-home order across the Southeast is an agent of the Department of State Services, DSS. Powerful urged people of the Southeast to go about their… In "News"