The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has said it is the bounden duty of leaders, particularly within the West African sub-region, to do the best for their people, despite shrinking resources.  He said this while receiving, in the farewell audience, the Ambassador of Burkina Faso, Piabie Firmin Gregoire N’do, at the State House in Abuja, on Friday. This was disclosed in a statement signed by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina. “Leaders should do the best for their people within the limits of resources,” Buhari affirmed, adding that he hoped the outgoing Ambassador would use experiences garnered in the field “for decision making in your country when you go back.” On his part, Ambassador N’do who had spent eight years on tour of duty said he enjoyed his stay in Nigeria, had his last daughter here and holds very pleasant memories of the country. This is as Buhari jocularly asked if he gave his daughter Nigerian names. N’do expressed the good wishes of his country, and of himself to Nigeria, commending Buhari for good diplomacy, which has seen Nigerians leading many international organisations. He equally expressed appreciation for different kinds of support from Nigeria to Burkina Faso during the flooding crisis, their national elections, and at many other critical times.  Source By Ismaila Chafe Abuja -   President Muhammadu Buhari says Nigeria will continue to deepen relationships with her allies, particularly those with whom she shares mutual beneficial interests. The President stated this when he received the outgoing Ambassadors of the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia, and Republic of Turkey at… In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday praised Alassane Ouattara, the Ivorian President, for leading an inclusive administration and stabilizing the country. The president said this when he received the outgoing Ambassador of Cote D’Ivoire to Nigeria, Ambassador Toure Maman, at the State House, Abuja. Buhari said… In "News" By Ismaila Chafe   Abuja -  President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday reassured Nigerians that his administration would sustain massive investments to upgrade and develop the country’s transport and power infrastructure. President Buhari gave this assurance when he received members of the Association of Retired Career Ambassadors of Nigeria (ARCAN) led… In "News"