 Gov. Bala Mohammed of Bauchi state has called on all and sundry to continue praying for the country’s fallen heroes and the families they left behind. Mohammed made the call at the 2022 Armed Forces Remembrance day and wreath laying ceremony on Saturday, in Bauchi. According to him, soldiers had given their lives for the sake of the country, and that many were still fighting to keep Nigeria one and united. Gov. Mohammed, who was represented by his Deputy, Baba Tela, said: “continue praying for the fallen heroes and assist the families they left behind. “The government will continue to remember the fallen heroes and heroines that have paid the supreme price for this great nation. “We will continue to ensure that the relationship that exists between the political class, the civilians and the military continue to exist,” he said. The governor further tasked Nigerians not to relent in praying for peace to reign in the country. Meanwhile, the Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Faruk Yahaya, has given a brand new Toyota Hilux vehicle to Warrant Officer, Dahiru Aliyu, for outstanding performance in the service. He said the gift of the Vehicle was a gesture by the army to reward the officer, who served the country, Africa and the entire world. Represented by Maj.-Gen. Sulaiman Idris, Armoured Corp Commandant, Bauchi, Yahaya assured that the Army would continue to remember the efforts of the fallen heroes who had sacrificed their lives for the country. On his part, Warrant Officer, Idris Danjuma (retired), Chairman, Nigeria Legion, Bauchi State Council, appreciated the Army and the Bauchi state government for their continued support to the legion. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that gov. Mohammed had on Jan. 1, announced a donation of N10.4 million by the state government to the Legionnaires. This was at the formal launch of the 2022 Emblem Appeal Week of the Armed Forces remembrance activities in the state. (NAN) Abuja- President Goodluck Jonathan said on Saturday in Abuja that the Federal Government would adopt the programmes of the Victims Support Fund as a policy to cater for the welfare of the nation’s fallen heroes. President Jonathan said this during the maiden Presidential Dinner for the Wives and family members of… In "News" By Olajide Idowu   Osogbo      -     Gov. Gboyega Oyetola of Osun on Tuesday called for proper care for families of Nigerian soldiers who died in the course of protecting the nation’s sovereignty. Oyetola made the call in Osogbo at the 2019 Armed Forces Remembrance Day celebration, held at the premises… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - President Goodluck Jonathan is angry at some Nigerians among them prominent citizens who take delight in maligning the Nigerian military despite their sacrifices which involve some of them paying the supreme price to keep Nigeria one. Former President Olusegun Obasanjo, had on Saturday said he doubted… In "News"