Alhaji Shehu Madaki, a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the Giwa Local Government Area of Kaduna State, has lambasted the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu after he made a promise to pay the WAEC fees of Nigerians if he is elected president in 2023.  Recall that Tinubu was seen in a video making the promise to Nigerians. Madaki, who was not happy over the promise made by a personality like Tinubu at a time when Nigerians are facing security challenges, poverty and lack, further noted that Tinubu does not know the problem confronting Nigerians, as such, he is not fit to be a president of Nigeria. “I wonder how Tinubu come to the conclusion that the problem of Nigerians is how to pay WAEC fees. “How would you sit down in an examination hall comfortably in this present Nigeria when insecurity, kidnapping, killing are all over the place?” He queried. According to him, it is only when people are comfortable, can sleep with their two eyes closed, and can feed three times a day, that there would be time to think of education. Madaki said Tinubu’s promise has disqualified him from becoming Nigeria’s president in 2023. He urged the APC to think of a well-informed party member that can convince Nigerians, especially the poor, that its flagbearer knows their immediate needs.  Source By Bolaji Buhari Lagos - National leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, on Wednesday appealed to Igbos in Lagos State to vote the candidates of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the February and March elections. Tinubu made the appeal in Ikeja while addressing party faithful… In "Politics" Bolaji Buhari Lagos -   A National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, on Thursday advised Nigerians not to accept the apologies tendered by the People ‘s Democratic Party (PDP) for its mistakes while in power. Tinubu made the statement while speaking at a colloquium organised… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has insisted that the All Progressives Congress (APC) national leader, Bola Tinubu, begged late military ruler, Sani Abacha, for appointment. In an interview with The Sun, George provided more details and said people like former Osun governor, Olagunsoye Oyinlola,… In "Politics"