Former President, Port Harcourt Polo Club (PHPC), Leo Edochie, on Thursday said the club had taken the lead in championing polo in Nigeria and Africa. Edochie said this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on the sideline of the ongoing 50th Anniversary Celebration of the club in Port Harcourt. He said that the Golden jubilee of the Port Harcourt Polo Club meant a lot to the members.“We are 50 years. What it means is that for the past 50 years, Port Harcourt Polo Club has been on the rise. “It has  been series of improvement as a matter of fact, we are actually championing Polo in the whole of Nigeria and possibly the whole of Africa.“So, the 50th anniversary means a lot to us, as you can see, even the turnout, it represents what we in Port Harcourt have always been talking about Polo,” he said. Edochie said that Polo was a game of kings and the game was encouraging both the high and mighty, the owners, the patriots of the clubs and of course the players.“So, what we are doing is not just to get Polo as a household name in Port Harcourt but the entire South-South region, and we’re doing it here. “This year’s tournament is the best, it’s fantastic, it keeps getting better.“I must give very good commendation to the management of Port Harcourt Polo Club led by my brother and friend, Dr Chukwudi Dimkpa.“They have done very well. They have done fantastic job to make sure that what you are seeing today have come to pass,” he stated. According to Edochie, Polo is not about profit making, as it is a game to enjoy.“But then, there are people who we have to pay, and there are people who make money or a living out of the game.“The players you see playing, some of them are playing for the owners of teams, and they get paid. “Aside from that, you get the merchandising which is standard in every sport,” he concluded. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) — Polo players from across the country gathered in Port Harcourt, Rivers State capital, at the weekend for the Rivers at 50 Polo Tournament hosted by the Port Harcourt Polo Club. Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Ezenwo Wike, represented by the Secretary to the State Government, Hon. Kenneth… In "Sports" Officials of Real Madrid Football Club and the Confederation of African Football (CAF) yesterday flagged off the construction of the Real Madrid Football Academy in Port Harcourt, initiated by Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike. Sports dignitaries who attended the foundation laying ceremony at the precincts of Yakubu Gowon Stadium in… In "Sports" Port Harcourt  - Augustine Igbuku, an amateur golfer, on Monday debunked claims by golf enthusiasts that the game was exclusively for prominent personalities. Igbuku spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on the sidelines of a two-day Golf Invitational Tournament held at Rumukurushi Golf Club, Port Harcourt. Igbuku, who… In "Sports"