By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The House of Representatives has urged the Inspector General of Police, ((IGP) Usman Alkali Baba to take over the investigation of the culpable homicide and attempted murder of Mrs Chidinma Benita Anyaegbunam (Nee Okwuibe) and her Mother Mrs Monica Okwuibe from the Anambra State Command. The House also urged the Police Chief to provide the only surviving victim, Mrs Anyaegbunam adequate police protection since one of the principal suspects in the heinous crime was still at large and could relaunch attack on her in the hospital where she is being treated. Mrs Monica Okwuibe was dastardly murdered on January 13, 2022 while her daughter, Mrs Chidinma Benita Anyaegbunam was severally shot at Obosi in Anambra State by assailants suspected to be in-laws to Mrs Anyaegbunam. The House’s directive was sequel to a motion sponsored by Honourable Nnolim Nnaji under “Urgent Public Importance and Standing Order 8 Rule 4, titled, ” Need to save a traumatized and severely injured widow in a case of conspiracy, attempted murder and homicide by suspected in-laws during her late husband’s burial ceremony “. Honourable Nnaji who represents Nkanu East/West Federal Constituency in the Federal House of Representatives, stated that the victims are his constituents and told the House in plenary that Late Mrs Monica Okwuibe was gruesomely murdered while her daughter, Mrs Benita Anyaegbunam was severally shot at by the suspects. He added that apart from the two constituents who are natives of Okorouba-Ozalla autonomous community in Nkanu West Local Government of Enugu State , the suspects also shot dead another victim, Mrs Nkiruka Anyaegbunam, a nursing murder for giving my constituents shelter after their in-laws had chased them out of the house. Rep Nnaji further explained that Mrs Anyaegbunam who is lying critically ill in the hospital was chased out of her matrimonial home on the day her late husband, Mr Onyedika Anyaegbunam who died on December 6, 2021 after protracted illness, was being buried by her in-laws on the allegation that she was responsible for the death of her husband. The in-laws, according to him stripped her of all her husband’s belongings and pushed her out like a common criminal before the dastardly attack on her and the other two victims who died on the spot. The Human Rights’ Commission and Federal Ministry of Women Affairs were equally urged by the Parliament to provide assistance to the surviving victim who is a young widow including providing compensation for the families of deceased ones. The House further mandated the committees on Police Affairs , Women Affairs, to approximately monitor and supervise the case in collaboration with the committee on legislative compliance. •Chidinma Ojukwu   ABUJA - The House of Representatives has said Chidinma Ojukwu, the suspected killer of Chief Executive Officer of Super TV, Usifo Ataga, must not die in the custody of the Nigeria Police Force. The House also called on the police to “conduct a proper investigation into the matter and… In "Top Stories" By Aisha Cole Lagos - A Maritime lawyer, Mrs Jean Chiazor-Anishere, said on Thursday that her travels and studies had shown that “Nigeria sets the pace in Africa in Admiralty matters.’’. Chiazor-Anishere said this in Lagos at the Public Presentation and Launch of volume 2 of a book entitled: “Admiralty… In "News" By Emmanuel Acha Enugu - A Director at the African Centre for Parliamentary and Constitutional Studies, Mr Emmanuel Anyaegbunam has urged the 9th National Assembly (NASS) to strengthen the budgetary procedures in the country. Anyaegbunam said this on Wednesday in Enugu during a two-day training for members of the NASS.… In "News"