Governor Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia State has recommended a former Senate President and former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Senator Anyim Pius Anyim, as the next president of Nigeria of Igbo extraction.  The Governor stated this on Sunday at his country home in Umuobiakwa, Obingwa Local Government Area of the state, when he received Anyim who visited him, describing him “as a man whose public service credentials and experience are good enough for the Presidency of Nigeria”. Ikpeazu assured Anyim of his support as the next Nigerian President of South-East extraction, noting that what matters now is “just for the Igbos to be given a chance to produce the next Nigerian President”. Ikpeazu said, “No other tribe in Nigeria has demonstrated practical belief in the Nigerian nation better than the Igbos as can be seen from the fact that our people live and invest heavily in every part of the country.” He added that that in the South East and indeed across the country today, “the credentials of Senator Anyim stand very tall”. Earlier, Anyim said he came to formally inform Ikpeazu and the party leadership in the state of his plans to contest for the Presidency of the country in the 2023 elections as the South East is the most qualified zone in Nigeria to produce the next President, based on equity and justice. Anyim said that he decided to make himself available for the contest “after a careful analysis of my antecedents, experience, passion and wide contacts across the country.” He called for the support of the governor and the party in the State, assuring that he would be a candidate and a President that Nigeria would be proud of.  Source      BY TONY ICHEKU •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim Ahead the 2023 presidential election, aspirants are popping up  from North, South, East and West, a normal for such very significant national election but when the going gets rough, the tough will get going. It is not out of place to predict that… In "Politics" •Senator Adolphus Wabara (left) and Senator Anyim Pius Anyim at the occasion •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim and Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe at the occasion The 2023 presidential aspiration of former Senator President, Anyim Pius Anyim receivef a major boost on Tuesday as anotherformer president of the Senate, Chief Adolphus Wabara and… In "Top Stories" A former governor of Anambra State,Dr. Chukwuemeka Ezeife and former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Anyim Pius Anyim, as well as others have advised the Southeast region to persuade other regions to support them to clinch the presidency in 2023. They said this on Saturday at the United… In "News"