A three-member gang of gunmen has kidnapped a retired Deputy Comptroller of Nigeria Customs Service, Mohammed Zarma on his farm in Ilorin. The retired top Customs officer was said to have been kidnapped on his farm at Okejia in Egbejila, Asa Local government area of Kwara state on Thursday. Zarma, according to findings by Saturday Vanguard from a reliable source in the area might have been overpowered by the gunmen who caught him unaware as several gunshots were reportedly fired into the air to scare him before he was kidnapped. “We heard the loud noise of several gunshots and all of us ran inside our houses to avoid being hit by stray bullets. We didn’t know what caused the gunshots until much later. “But someone said he saw the retired Customs officer in a Toyota car that sped past him while he was returning home from his farm,” said a local who craved anonymity in an interview with Saturday Vanguard. Meanwhile the state Commissioner of Police, Mr Tuesday Assayomo has directed his men to ensure that the kidnapped Customs officer is rescued unhurt. This is contained in the statement issued by the Spokesman of the command, Ajayi Okasanmi made available to journalists in Ilorin. Also Read: I hope to see him in my lifetime — Abdul Mutallab, billionaire father of jailed ‘Underwear Bomber’ Farouk The statement reads, “The Kwara State Police Command under the leadership of Cp Tuesday Assayomo psc+ has deployed relevant assets, both human and material, for the rescue of one Mohammed Zarma ‘M’ a retired Deputy Comptroller of Nigeria Customs Service, who was kidnapped on his farm located at Oke Jia, Egbejila at about 1730hrs of 6/1/2022 by some unknown gunmen speaking a particular Nigerian language. “ “On the visit to the scene after the incident by the Command’s operatives, Four empty shells of expended ammunition were recovered. “The Commissioner of Police, Kwara State, CP Tuesday Assayomo psc+ wishes to assure the family of the victim and indeed the general public that no effort would be spared in getting the victim rescued unhurt and possibly arrest the perpetrators of the crime, please.” According to a report by The PUNCH, some gunmen have abducted the Deputy Director of Information Communication Technology of Tai Solarin University of Education, Ijebu-Ode, Mrs. Lateefat Abimbola, a student of the Federal University of Agriculture, Abeokuta, Toyinbo Olayinka, and two others. While Abimbola was kidnapped in Ijebu-Ode on Thursday,… In "News" Gunmen have abducted Niger State Commissioner for Information Alhaji Sani Idris. The development is coming two months after the abduction of the Tegina Islamiyya schoolchildren. Secretary of the State Government Alhaji Ahmed Ibrahim Matane confirmed that the commissioner was kidnapped yesterday about 1am at his hometown, Baban Tunga, in Tafa… In "News" •Kidnapped ex-NPA GM, Bashir M Abdullahi KANO - Kidnappers have struck again in Kano, this time abducting retired General Manager of the Nigeria Port Authority (NPA), Bashir M Abdullahi. "Abdullahi was abducted from his farm located at Gomo village of Sumaila Local Government Area of Kano State Wednesday afternoon," according to… In "News"