The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, has said the Electoral Act (Amendment) Bill will be re-introduced into the house, reworked and passed on Wednesday.  Gbajabiamila, in his opening address as the National Assembly returned from break on Tuesday, restated the benefits of restricting political parties to direct primary while criticising the parties for lacking comprehensive membership registers. According to him, a strict direct primary option would have forced the parties to have a documented register. The Speaker noted that the general elections in 2023 are fast approaching, hence the need for the lawmakers to fast track work on the electoral reforms. He also noted that the parliament has the option of either overriding the veto of the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), or amending the bill based on the President’s observations. He partly said, “Unfortunately, that bill did not receive presidential assent and it is unlikely that it will in its current form. Now, we have to choose between sticking to our guns regarding the provision to mandate direct primary for political parties or reworking that provision to save the rest of the bill. “I remain convinced that the proposal for direct primary is valuable for building accountability in our political system but we must not allow the perfect to be the enemy of the good. Therefore, the House will reintroduce the amendment tomorrow and we will work quickly to address the mitigating concerns, pass the bill and send it back to His Excellency, President Muhammadu Buhari, for assent.” Gbajabiamila also decried the errors said to have been discovered in the bill, noting that the version transmitted to the President was different from the one being scrutinised by the public. The Speaker said he had, however, set up a technical committee to peruse the legislation which is expected to report back by Thursday.  Source The move to stop the retention of the direct primary clause in the Electoral Act Bill collapsed yesterday. House of Representatives Speaker said President Muhammadu Buhari is in support of the direct mode of selecting candidates for elections by political parties. Also, the National Assembly disclosed plans to forward the… In "Politics" AHEAD of the 2023 general elections, stakeholders, Monday, said the National Assembly retransmitting the Electoral Act Amendment Bill to President Muhammadu Buhari stands in the interest of Nigerians. This was part of the discussion by some panelists at the Townhall Forum on the Electoral Bill 2022 organised by Yiaga Africa.… In "News" Will President Muhammadu Buhari sign the Electoral Act Amendment Bill recently passed by the National Assembly to allow the use of direct primaries to select candidates for the 2023 general elections or will he succumb to pressure from governors? The issue has been generating tension the political circles. TONY AKOWE… In "Politics"