The Federal Airport Authority of Nigeria said it arrested over 90 touts carrying out nefarious activities at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport in Lagos and the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport in Abuja.  General Manager, Corporate Affairs, Henrietta Yakubu (Mrs.), said this in a statement on Monday, adding that the arrests were part of effort to rid the nation’s airports of touting and extortion. “The touts were arrested for various acts of illegality including fake Covid-19 test results, touting, unauthorised entry, trespass, illegal facilitation, forgery, loitering, theft, public nuisance and arguments, amongst others. “Some of those arrested are staff of Patovilki Nigeria Limited, Lakewood Services, Nahco Plc, and other airport staff,” she said. Yakubu said of the total arrested, 59 were handed over to the airport police command in Abuja for prosecution while 30 were handed over to the police force in Lagos to be prosecuted as well. “FAAN will like to use this opportunity to warn those that do not have any legitimate business at the airports, as well as airport staff carrying out illegal duties, to desist from such acts, as the Authority will not hesitate to arrest and hand over such individuals for prosecution,” she added.  Source By Yunus Yusuf Ikeja - The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has held dry run simulation exercises at domestic terminals of the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja and Murtala Muhammed Airport, Lagos. Mrs Henrietta Yakubu, the General Manager, Corporate Communications, FAAN, confirmed the development in a statement issued in… In "News" Lagos  - A middle-aged man was on Wednesday arrested after breaching security at the Murtala Muhammed Airport (MMA), Lagos, and attempted to attack a Med-View aircraft that was about to take-off to Maiduguri en route Abuja Airport. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) learnt that the suspect, Alabibu Olushola, was… In "News" By Adekunle Williams and Solomon Asowata Lagos - The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), says it has fulfilled  all necessary requirements for the certification of the Mallam Aminu Kano International Airport, Kano and Port Harcourt International Airport, Omagwa, in the next few months. Mrs Henrietta Yakubu, General Manager, Corporate… In "News"