Nike have suspended their relationship with Manchester United striker Mason Greenwood after his arrest on suspicion of rape and assault. Greenwood, 20, was detained yesterday following the circulation of harrowing images and audio on social media, which alleged he attacked an 18-year-old student.The pictures appeared to show the woman bloodied and bruised, while another post is a voice recording of a conversation between a man and woman. Dated from October last year, it purportedly chronicled the woman being attacked. In the wake of the allegations, Nike – the world-famous sportswear giant – released a statement stating that they were ‘deeply concerned’. Now, it has been revealed their connection with Greenwood has been put on hold. A statement read: ‘We have suspended our relationship with Mason Greenwood. ‘We are deeply concerned by the disturbing allegations and will continue to closely monitor the situation.’ The woman who made the allegations against Greenwood was interviewed by plain clothes officers at her family home yesterday afternoon. Soon after the messages emerged and spread on social media, United released a statement saying they were making enquiries ‘to establish the full circumstances’. It added: ‘Manchester United does not condone violence of any kind.’ Forensic officers arrived at Greenwood’s £2million mansion, which is located in an upmarket village in Cheshire, yesterday evening. United have also suspended the player, who earns a reported £75,000-a-week. In a second statement, they said Greenwood would ‘not return to training or play matches until further notice’. The posts allegedly incriminating the footballer were online for just a few hours before then being deleted. Earlier today, detectives were seen visiting several neighbours of the forward. Maureen Foley, 89, told MailOnline: ‘They asked me whether I had heard or seen anything. But I hadn’t so couldn’t tell them much. I have seen him but that’s it.’ Another neighbour said: ‘The police asked whether we have heard anything. But he’s only been here a few weeks. An Everton player used to live there and another player owns it but Mason just rents it.’ The latest developments come after Greater Manchester Police confirmed that detectives have been given extra time to interview Greenwood. The service said: ‘Detectives have been granted additional time to speak to a man in his 20s who is being held on suspicion of rape and assault of a woman. ‘The suspect was arrested yesterday (Sunday 30 January) afternoon and remains in custody. ‘Enquiries are ongoing and the victim is being offered specialist support. ‘If you’re a victim of domestic abuse, or are concerned about someone you know, please use our online reporting facility or use our LiveChat facility on our website, or call 101. ‘In an emergency that’s on-going or life is in danger, always dial 999. ‘Some victims may not feel comfortable speaking with the police, or may feel they need support to come forward and make a report. ‘Greater Manchester Victims’ Services can provide independent emotional and practical support for anyone affected by crime. ‘You can contact the service by visiting the website on https://www.gmvictims.org.uk/ or calling 0161 200 1950.’ Club insiders, meanwhile, have held concerns over Greenwood’s ego for some time. Other concerns were also raised about his behaviour, both on and off the pitch. During lockdown, there were reports that he hosted parties at a rented property, with neighbours said to have complained about the noise. The young ace rented a three-storey property through Airbnb ‘five or six times’ during the pandemic, with blaring music in the early hours disturbing those nearby. A neighbour told MailOnline: ‘Mason Greenwood has been holding these raucous parties down our road for months. ‘He invites all these people round and the noise has been unbearable. I have been round there a number of times asking them to turn it down. ‘The music can go on until 4am or 5am, keeping me awake with this deep booming bass. The house shakes and there’s loads of raised voices and laughing.’ Previously, United have spoken to Greenwood about his attitude around the training ground, particularly over his time-keeping. Manchester United football club has suspended 20 year old star player, Mason Greenwood  and he has been arrested by police after his model girlfriend shared bloodied photos alleging he assaulted her. Greenwood was arrested on suspicion of rape and assault hours after being accused of domestic violence. Police confirmed the… In "News" •Manchester United youngster Mason Greenwood  Manchester United youngster Mason Greenwood rose to the top of the trends on Sunday, January 30, 2022, after an altercation with his girlfriend Harriet Robson. Harriet Robson took to social media accusing the England international of physical violence. In several posts on her official Instagram… In "News" Manchester (UK) - Paul Pogba’s return to Manchester United’s first team has been delayed after the French midfielder fell ill, manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer said on Tuesday. The 26-year-old Pogba has only played six times this season after suffering an ankle injury in September. Solskjaer is hopeful Pogba will be… In "Sports"