ABUJA–THE Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board, JAMB,has denied reports in some quarters that it had begun sale of 2022 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examinations,UTME and Direct Entry,DE application documents. To this end,JAMB said “any information in circulation purporting to have emanated from the Board to the effect that the sale of the 2022 UTME and DE forms has commenced is not only fraudulent but is a calculated attempt by mischief makers to create unnecessary panic among prospective candidates for their own selfish ends.” In a statement, Thursday,by its Head of Media and Protocol,Dr Fabian Benjamin,JAMB however said it ” has concluded all arrangements to commence the sale of the 2022 UTME/DE Application Documents in due course but yet to fix any date for its commencement.” The statement read in full:”The attention of the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has been drawn to the activities of unwholesome elements who had been misleading the general public on the purported commencement of the sale of the 2022 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) and Direct Entry (DE) application documents. “For the avoidance of doubt, any information in circulation purporting to have emanated from the Board to the effect that the sale of the 2022 UTME and DE forms has commenced is not only fraudulent but is a calculated attempt by mischief makers to create unnecessary panic among prospective candidates for their own selfish ends. “It should be noted that the commencement of the sale of the Board’s application documents in any given year has never been shrouded in mystery rather it is always a well-publicised undertaking in the print media as well as online and electronic platforms. “Although, the Board has concluded all arrangements to commence the sale of the 2022 UTME/DE Application Documents in due course but it is yet to fix any date for its commencement. “The general public is, therefore, by this notice urged to be mindful of speculators who are in the habit of second-guessing the Board’s on certain procedural issues with the aim of defrauding hapless candidates. “The Board wishes to inform the general public that they would be sufficiently informed of the commencement of the sale of EPINs once approval has been granted by relevant authorities. “Furthermore, the announcement of a suitable date to commence the sale would be accompanied by well-defined information on the procedures for the purchase of the e-pins, creating a profile, and where to go for biometric capturing, among other essential details.” The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board has warned prospective candidates against being scammed since it had not commenced the sale of the 2022 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examinations and Direct Entry forms. This is according to a statement signed by the Board’s Head of Media and Protocol, Dr Fabian Benjamin, which… In "Education" Candidates interested in writing the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB)'s 2022 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examinations (UTME) have been told to get their National Identification Number (NIN) ahead of the exercise. The board stated this on Monday in its weekly bulletin released by the Office of the Registrar in Abuja.… In "News" The Joint Admissions and Matriculations Board (JAMB) says it has concluded all arrangements to commence the sale of 2021/2022 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) and Direct Entry (DE) registration forms. The board disclosed this in its Vol. 2, No. 15 Weekly Bulletin of the Office of the Registrar and made… In "Education"