ABUJA – Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, has pleaded not guilty to the 15 charges bordering on treasonable felony and terrorism, brought against him by the Federal Government. He pleaded not guilty before Justice Binta Nyako when the case resumed at the Federal High Court in Abuja on Wednesday. The Federal Government had filed fresh terrorism charges against the detained IPOB leader before the Federal High Court in Abuja on Monday. Consequently, the action increased the initial counts against him from seven to 15. But during his trial on Tuesday which was held amid heavy security presence, Kanu objected to the fresh charges. The case was then adjourned till Wednesday for him to take his plea. Meanwhile, contrary to the order of Justice Nyako, Kanu showed up before the court, wearing the same designer clothes he had on since June 2021 when he was arrested. Justice Nyako had on Tuesday, ordered the Department of State Services (DSS), to allow Kanu to have a change of cloth. When the matter was called up, the prosecution counsel, Mr. Shuaibu Labaran, told the court that he (Kanu) was the one who chose to wear his designer clothes. He added that the DSS has provided Kanu with a new orthopedic mattress, pillows, and blankets. In response, Kanu’s lead counsel, Mike Ozekhome, told the court that it was not true that his client insisted on wearing his designer clothes as it was not his visiting day on Tuesday so, fresh clothes couldn’t be passed to him. He added that clothes will be passed to him on his next visiting day. He, however, commended the DSS for providing the IPOB leader with new mattresses and pillows. Before allowing Kanu to be re-arraigned on the amended 15-count treasonable felony charge the Federal Government preferred against him, Justice Nyako reiterated her demand for the defendant to have a change of clothes. Kanu, thereafter, entered his plea to the fresh amended charge against him which borders on his alleged commission of acts of terrorism, felony, incitement, unlawful importation of a radio transmitter, and headship of an illegal organization. Before Kanu was ushered into the courtroom around 10:15 am, the DSS had produced several documentary pieces of evidence, including electronic devices it would use to play some of the alleged inciting broadcasts that were made by the defendant. •Nnamdi Kanu ABUJA - The Federal High Court sitting in Abuja, on Tuesday, adjourned further proceedings in the case against the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, till Wednesday, Vanguard reports The adjournment followed Kanu’s complaint that the Federal Government failed to promptly serve him… In "Top Stories" A Federal High Court sitting in Abuja, on Wednesday, struck out six of the eleven count criminal charges brought against leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. Six out of the eleven count criminal charges the Federal Government filed against Kanu and three others, were quashed… In "News" The Federal Government, on Monday, filed fresh charges against the detained Leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu. The Office of the Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF), in the amended application, it filed before a Federal High Court, Abuja, presided over by Justice Binta Nyako, increased… In "News"