The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), on Thursday, disclosed that the Federal Government is considering giving approval for the reconstruction of some federal roads in Ogun State by the Nigerian National Petroleum Company and other companies under tax credit scheme.  Buhari disclosed this during his visit to the state for the inauguration of five landmark projects undertaken by the administration of Governor Dapo Abiodun. According to him, the roads being considered for reconstruction include the Lagos-Ota-Abeokuta Expressway, Sango Otta-Idi-Iroko Expressway and the Sagamu-Ogijo road. The projects inaugurated included the 42km Sagamu Interchange-Abeokuta dual carriageway, renamed ‘President Muhammadu Buhari Expressway; the 14km Ijebu-Ode-Epe Expressway. Responding to the request of Abiodun for a special status for Federal Government Infrastructural Funding, especially on roads, Buhari said Ogun State has more federal roads than any other state in the country. He said the Federal Government was considering giving approval to the NNPC for the reconstruction of the Sagamu-Ogijo road under the tax credit scheme. He said all federal roads in the state would begin to receive Federal Government’s attention, adding that two major federal roads under construction, the Sagamu-Benin Expressway and the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway, would be inaugurated before the end of 2022. Buhari said, “I have also listened to your requests to give priority attention to the Lagos-Ota-Abeokuta and the Sango Otta-Idi Iroko roads respectively. Let me assure the people of Ogun State that these roads will receive Federal Government’s attention. “We are considering extending tax credit option for the reconstruction of these roads as we did for the 100km Sagamu-Interchange-Papalanto-Ilaro road. I will also consider approval of the reconstruction of Sagamu-Ogijo road by the Nigerian National Petroleum Company under tax credit scheme.” The President hailed the governor on the 14km Ijebu Ode-Mojoda-Epe Road, saying it had been reconstructed into a modern expressway by the state government. According to him, the road will complement the Sagamu-Benin Expressway that the Federal Government is currently reconstructing and that will be inaugurated this year. Buhari described Abiodun as the ‘‘performing governor of Nigeria’s Gateway State” and as a worthy example of ‘‘promises made, promises kept.” “When state governors deliver impactful projects in consultation with stakeholders like we are witnessing in Ogun State, the trajectory of our national development will be enhanced,” he said. Abiodun, in his speech, said, “The choice of the five projects that we are commissioning today from our many landmark projects was a daunting task. These are just a few of our achievements. “We have so much more to showcase. These selected few that Your Excellency will commission are however symbolic of the various types of projects across all sectors of our dear state’s economy. And they are spread all through the three senatorial districts. “Mr. President, I have the honour to report that our Administration in Ogun State has continued to fulfil all its promises to the people within the available means. It is noteworthy that all our projects have the inputs and are informed by the needs of the people as expressed by them at different engagement fora that we provide. This is because we anchor our ‘Building our Future Together’ agenda on inclusiveness, equity, fairness, transparency, accountability, justice, and obedience to the rule of law.”  Source The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has arrived in Ogun for the inauguration of some projects executed by the state governor, Dapo Abiodun. Buhari who arrived at 11.37am was received by Abiodun, governors of Yobe, Ekiti, Ondo and Osun states and other top government officials at Mojoda area in… In "News" Ibadan, April 17, 2021 (NAN) Some motorists and commuters in the South-West zone of the country have commended the Federal Government for its strides in infrastructural development, particularly in the areas of road construction and rehabilitation. In a survey conducted in states in the zone, comprising Ogun, Oyo, Osun, Ondo,… In "News" By Chijioke Okoronkwo   Abuja -  President Muhammadu Buhari has identified infrastructure development as one of the areas in which his administration had made a lot of progress. The president stated this while presenting the 2019 budget proposal before the joint session of the National Assembly on Wednesday in Abuja.… In "News"