As many as five residents of Ilesa, Osun State, have been killed during clashes between two rival cult groups and suspected land grabbers.  The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the fight started on Friday afternoon after some youths, suspected to be cult members, stormed a new building that was being roofed at Omi-Tuntun area of Ilesa and demanded money from workers at the site. One witness, Mr Bisi Oyetade, told NAN that the hoodlums, who also operate as land grabbers, were told to stop extorting workers at the site by some suspected cultists, said to be relations of the house owner. Oyetade narrated that a clash broke out following the altercation and a suspected cultist was overpowered, dragged to the bush and hacked to death by the gang protecting the new building. He said the hoodlums regrouped at night and avenged the death of their colleague. The group stormed Ijoka Area of Ilesa and killed another suspected cultist. He added that in a bid to kill their opponents, an innocent woman was shot dead by the warring cultists on Friday night. According to him, the rampaging youths resumed their hostilities on Saturday and ended up killing two innocent residents. The police have since launched an intensive manhunt for the suspects while some patrol vans of Ijamo and Ayeso Police Divisions in Ilesa were seen patrolling the town to restore peace and order. All efforts to speak with the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Dsp Yemisi Opalola, on the matter proved abortive. Some persons suspected to be cultists on Monday killed two mothers when they attacked the residence of some of their targets in Benin, the Edo State capital. This latest attack came following a call by a youth leader in the state, Mr Tony Adun, also known as Tony Kabaka, to… In "News" It was a few minutes past noon penultimate Sunday when, in a commando fashion, about 10 gunmen suspected to be land grabbers stormed Owolabi Estate in Ota, Ogun State on motorcycles and defiled the estate’s serene atmosphere. The hoodlums shot sporadically at workers in a construction site. By the time… In "Metro" By Moses Omorogieva Lagos -  The Lagos State Police Command said a suspected cultist had been shot dead during a gun duel with with operatives in Ishashi area of the state. Mr Chike Oti, Spokesman for the command, on Wednesday said that Olamide Oloruntobi, 31, a suspected leader of the… In "Metro"