President Muhammadu Buhari has commended the Super Eagles of Nigeria for keeping hope alive in the ongoing Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) in Cameroon by winning all their group matches. The president, in a statement by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi Adesina, on Wednesday in Abuja saluted the Eagles for advancing to the second round of the tournament in grand style. The president urged the Austin Eguavoen-led team to maintain and even surpass the terrific form that made them leaders in the group stage, as ”Nigeria hopefully looks forward to a total of seven emphatic wins in this competition.” According to him, the positive reputation of good sportsmanship the traveling fans, sportswriters and the football team have demonstrated in Cameroon will continue to enliven the importance of sports. He said this was particularly football, as an enabler of development, peace, tolerance, friendship and cooperation. The president wished the Super Eagles the very best. He pledged that his administration would continue to support the efforts of international, regional and national football organisations to use the sport as a tool to build a better and peaceful world. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that goals from Sadiq Umar (56th minute) and William Ekong (77th minute) gave the Super Eagles a 2-0 win over Guinea Bissau in their final Group D fixture at the 2021 AFCON in Cameroon. By Ismaila Chafe   Abuja -  President Muhammadu Buhari has congratulated the Super Eagles on their qualification for the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations following their 1-1 draw against the Bafana Bafana of South Africa in Johannesburg on Saturday. The President’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi Adesina,… In "Sports" By Victor Okoye Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has congratulated the Super Eagles for defeating Cameroon to progress to the quarter finals of the 2019 African Cup of Nations.News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Eagles ousted rivals Cameroon from the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON), after a 3-2… In "Sports" Some football enthusiasts on Friday urged the Super Eagles to ensure victory against Sudan in their second match Group D of the African Cup Nations (AFCON). The reported that the Super Eagles will take on Sudan Falcons of Jediane on Saturday at the Roumde Adjia Stadium, Garoua, Cameroon. A cross section… In "Sports"