The appointment of Aliyu Tahir as the Managing Director, Nigerian Electricity Management Services Agency (NEMSA) has been approved by President Muhammadu Buhari.  The appointee becomes the Chief Electrical Inspector of the Federation. A statement on Wednesday by the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Power, Nebeolisa Anaka, said the appointment took effect December 31, 2021. The tenure is four years and renewable, based on performance and in accordance with the Public Service Rules. Tahir was NEMSA General Manager, Technical Standard and Inspectorate Services (TS&IS). He replaces the former MD, Peter Ewesor, whose second tenure expired on October 3, 2021. Tahir, with nearly 30 years of experience in the sector, joined the Ministry of Power in 1993. The graduate of Electrical Engineering from the Abubakar Tafawa Belewa University (ATBU), served as the secretary, Presidential Task Force on Power in 2011. Tahir is a Nigeria Institute of Power Engineers fellow; member, Nigerian Society of Engineers (NSE); Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE); Council for the Regulation of Engineering in Nigeria (COREN).   Source By Kate Obande-Okewu Abuja -  President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of a 13-member Governing Board for the Federal Roads Maintenance Agency (FERMA) and the Managing Director of the Nigeria Electricity Management Service Agency (NEMSA). Mohammed Nakorji, Assistant Director press in the Office of the Secretary to the Government… In "News" ...Approves Re-appointment Of NEMSA Boss By Chibuike Nwabuko President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of a 13-member Governing Board for the Federal Roads Maintenance Agency (FERMA) and the Managing Director of the Nigeria Electricity Management Service Agency (NEMSA). Assistant Director press in the Office of the Secretary to the… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Former Minister of Power, Prof. Barth Nnaji on Thursday revealed that failure of the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC) to do technical enforcement led to the creation of a new enforcement agency early this year. Nnaji, who spoke at a stakeholders’ forum organised by the Nigerian… In "News"