Earlier this week, Pulse reported that ‘Peru (Remix),’ the international smash hit, by YBNL/EMPIRE act, Fireboy and Grammy-winning English superstar, Ed Sheeran, would debut at No. 1 on the Official UK Top 40. It’s now been released that on the back of that success, Sheeran is set to visit Nigeria. He revealed this during an Instagram Live chat with Fireboy. Sheeran announced his feature on the show, during Rocket Hour, Elton John’s Apple Music Radio show. He said, ““[A friend] said, “Fireboy DML would love you on the remix of this song.” And I’ve just found it really intriguing. So I recorded a verse for it… and it’s a song that’s blowing up in Nigeria and Ghana at the moment and their club scene runs over Christmas. “So you basically put a song to the club in the middle of December, which would seem a weird thing to do in England. But yeah, so I’ve done the remix for this song, but this is the original and it’s just, it’s an earworm, and it’s addictive, and I’m obsessed with it. I mean, Cherry will tell you, I’ve had this song on repeat constantly in the house for the last week.“ The record has waxed strong since then. (Pulse.ng)     Award-winning popstar, Ed Sheeran, who reportedly tied the knot with his long-term girlfriend, Cherry Seaborn in December has now confirmed they are married. Ed Sheeran revealed this on Friday in a new interview on YouTube with Charlamagne The God. The couple got married in December at their home in Suffolk,… In "Relationship" Much of the criticism was around the fact that there seemed to have been little attempt to disguise his cameo - whilst other artists such as Coldplay drummer Will Champion and Gary Lightbody of Snow Patrol were more difficult to spot in their scenes. Sheeran's scene also left an opportunity for… In "Entertainment" Singer/songwriter, Ed Sheeran has tested positive for the ravaging Covid-19 virus and is self-isolating ahead of his scheduled appearance on Saturday Night Live. The singer, whose fifth album titled = or Equals, is set to be released within days, had been due to take part in a week of live… In "Entertainment"