A group of concerned stakeholders in Osun State called ‘The Osun Masterminds’ on Thursday accused some elements within the ruling All Progressives Congress and the opposition Peoples Democratic Party of taking steps to unsettle the state ahead of the governorship poll.  TOM also demanded for the probe of Osun finances, remmittance of contributory pension, abandoned projects, especially during the tenure of ex governor, Rauf Aregbesola, while asking the current administration in the state to make public the report of integrity test carried out on some mega schools. Addressing newsmen in Osogbo on behalf of the group, TOM Executive Director,Rauf Aregbesola Wasiu Oyedokun-Alli, stated that politics must be played in a manner that puts the peace of the state first before any other considerations and asked the aspirants sell their programmes to the people and not to attempt to blackmail, coerce or intimidate anyone. Oyedokun-Alli, who demanded the total debt stock of the state, also demanded explanation regarding increase in the state’s debt stock within the years that preceded the present administration, particularly from 2013 to 2018. He said, “We have followed with absolute regret, the escalating political tension in the State. We are aware that points of disagreement exist within the two major political parties in the State, with certain elements within both parties taking steps that can unsettle the peace of the state. “While the present administration continues to appeal to pensioners to give it more time, the pensioners also deserve to know the source of the delay. They deserve to know the persons who midwifed the deduction of their salaries without remitting same to the Pension Fund Administrators. They deserve to know the people who orchestrated the agonies they now pass through in trying to survive. “As functional members of the Osun society ourselves, we are aware of several abandoned projects littered around the corners of the State. While some are visibly abandoned, some others were made up to look like they were indeed completed, but a closer look reveals cosmetic completion.” When contacted for reaction, the Media Adviser to Aregbesola, Sola Fasure, said Oyedokun-Alli, has just exercised his freedom of speech, noting that allegations against the ex governor were, “like a dead horse someone is insanely trying frantically to ride. “Ogbeni Aregbesola is well acclaimed for the innovations he brought to government, for the infrastructure development, giant strides in education, human development and for raising the bar of governance. “No gainfully employed person does that. So, we know some people are behind it. Let them stop being cowardly and show their faces. Interestingly, the current governor was the arrowhead of government policies and implementation.”  Source By Victor Adeoti   Osogbo -   The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Osun says the victory of its candidate, Alhaji Gboyega Oyetola, in the recent governorship is incontestable. Mr Gboyega Famodun, the State Party Chairman, made the remarks a news conference on Tuesday in Osogbo. Famodun said that APC… In "Politics" The Minister of State for Works, Mr Adedayo Adeyeye, on Sunday predicted another victory dance for the  Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) after the Aug. 9 governorship election in Osun. Adeyeye told newsmen in Ado Ekiti that the party’s governorship candidate, Chief Iyiola Omisore would secure “a landslide victory at the… In "Politics" A presidential aspirant on the platform of the All Progressives Congress, Sam Nda-Isaiah, said on Monday that the outcome of the Osun State governorship election held on Saturday demystified the might of Peoples Democratic Party. The APC chief, who is also the publisher of the LEADERSHIP newspaper, said the APC… In "Politics"