PORT HARCOURT – The Chairman of Emohua Local Government in Rivers State, Dr Chidi Lloyd, has uncovered an illegal mortuary where kidnappers abandoned their dead victims. The Chief Press Secretary to the chaiman, Bright Elendu, said in a statement on Thursday that his boss made the discovery while enforcing the directive against illegal oil bunkering in his council. He said Lloyd saw rotten bodies of suspected kidnapped victims left in the mortuary of an abandoned Elele-Alimini general hospital. “Dr. Lloyd wondered why the leadership of Elele-Alimini allowed such atrocious business in the community, stressing that such evil activity cannot be going on without the involvement of some stakeholders in the community. “Irked by the number of already decaying corpses deposited inside a particular building in the hospital, the council chairman ordered the security personnel to search the entire hospital, during which the syndicate and illegal occupant of the hospital were apprehended in their hideout,” Elendu said in the statement. According to him: “The council chairman also effected the arrest of some perpetuators of the illegal oil bunkering intercepted in course of the operation. “Disappointed with the level of environmental degradation caused by the illegal oil bunkering activities on the large expanse of land, the council chairman ordered for the immediate investigation and prosecution of the arrested suspects to establish the ownership of the oil bunkering sites. “The council chairman and his team also effected the arrest of two drivers who were caught transporting illegally refined petroleum products at Rumuekpe junction along the East-West road,” the statement said. The Nation There was a mild drama in Rivers State, on Tuesday, as the newly-inaugurated Chairman of Emohua Local Government Area of the state, Dr. Chidi Lloyd, resumed under a tree within the premises of the Council on his first day of office. Dr. Lloyd was a former chieftain of All Progressives… In "News" A gun battle between officers of the Nigerian Army and suspected kidnappers in Rivers State have left three suspected kidnappers dead with others wounded, according to a report by PM News. The news of their death has elicited wild jubilation among members of the Elele Alimini Community and environs in… In "Security" Suspected cultists have allegedly killed a member of disbanded OSPAC – a local vigilante group, Amobi Oguzo and his son, Prince, in Ibaa Community of Emohua Local Government Area (EMOLGA) of Rivers State. The killings reportedly took place at different times and locations in the community. A source close to… In "Metro"