A speeding Jeep vehicle on Wednesday skidded off the Ikot Ekpene road in Uyo metropolis, killing a roadside fruit seller and her 4-year-old son.  It was gathered that the incident occurred in the early hours of Wednesday near Macgiraffe computer shop. An eye witness, who pleaded anonymity, told our correspondent on Thursday that the little boy died on the spot while the mother identified as Nsima Sylvester Etim died hours after being taken to an undisclosed hospital. According to sources the driver, whose identity could not be ascertained at the time of filing this report, may have skidded off the road and hit the woman and her son, including a tricycle parked in front of a shop. A welder, who simply identified himself as Utibe, said only God saved him from being killed that fateful morning adding when he saw the vehicle coming towards his direction at a high speed he quickly jumped out of the shop. “It was God that saved me. I was working on the tricycle when I noticed the Jeep coming at a very high speed in my direction, so I ran away from my shop. If I had not run away I would have been dead by now,” he narrated. Utibe who still appeared shocked over the accident simply added, “But the driver hit the woman and her son. The small boy died on the spot and the woman later died in a hospital.” A brother of the dead woman who could not hide his grief lamented, “that woman is my sister. She sells fruits in front here. This is our family compound. The 4-year-old son died on the spot, She was rushed to the hospital but she died.” He however disclosed that the Police arrived at the scene of the accident immediately and took the driver to the police station. The Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps in the state, Matthew Olonisaye, said, however, that there was no report about the accident.  Source Isaiah Eka Uyo - A motor accident which occurred on Wednesday on Urua Ekpa junction in Uyo Akwa Ibom has claimed two persons, according to the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in the state. The Sector Commander, FRSC, Mr Sunday Oghenekaro, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency… In "Metro" Nsukka (Enugu State)- Six people were killed while four others sustained injuries on Sunday when an articulated vehicle crashed into a drinking/football viewing centre near Obollo Afor in Udenu Local Government, Enugu State. The accident occurred around 2.30 p.m. at Umusigide Obollo Etiti in the same local government. The articulated… In "News" OWERRI - Tragedy greeted the Umudo, Ezi – Ogbaku community in Mbaitoli Local Government Area of Imo State on Wednesday, first day of the year as an alleged drunken driver ram into a middle aged woman, killing her on the spot. According to an eye witness, the deceased, Mrs Love… In "Metro"