BY FRED CHUKWUELOBE Anambra State governor-elect, Prof. Charles Chukwuma Soludo, does want to be referred to as ‘His Excellency’. He prefers ‘Mr. Governor’. Former Niger State Governor, Babangida Aliyu, preferred ‘Servant Leader’. I don’t know how far he led the people. It is normal for political office holders to begin their tenures with pronouncements that sometimes sound outlandish. In the end what really counts is the performance. Titles are not what he should start with. What’s in a title? I don’t like this sort of things. Let him get down to work because there’s work to be done. Whether he answers ‘His Excellency’ or ‘His Lordship’, what the people want is performance. Let him build the Dubai he talked about and leave these mundane things. The former Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) governor is being expected to beat every other Governor who had ruled the State since the disastrous Chinwoke Mbadinuju days. He should not disappoint. Let him not ask us ‘title ogbasara unu’? We don’t want him to be another Okezie Ikpeazu, PhD. Anambra is not Abia. Lol. I’m looking for their trouble. But Anambra should return to her pacesetter status. We wait. •Source: Facebook Anambra State Governor-elect, Prof Chukwuma Soludo has stated that he doesn't want to be addressed as ‘His Excellency’. According to him, he would prefer he's addressed as 'Prof Chukwuma Soludo', 'Mr Governor' or 'Charlie Nwangbafor' . The former Central Bank Governor who was speaking during the inauguration of the transition… In "News" Anambra State Governor Willie Obiano has said Prof. Chukwuma Soludo is the best person to succeed him. He spoke at the weekend at Isuofia Civic Centre, at the 2021 New Yam Festival of Isuofia community in Aguata Local Government. Soludo is the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance… In "Politics" A chieftain of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), Chief Jude Emecheta, has said Prof. Chukwuma Soludo is the most qualified candidate to succeed Governor Willie Obiano after the November 6 governorship election in Anambra State. Emecheta, who is chairman of Anambra Demands Soludo (ADS), a political group, made the… In "Politics"