The Bauchi Emirate Council has suspended former Speaker of the House of Representatives Yakubu Dogara from bearing the traditional title of Jakadan Bauchi following the violence that marred the 21st Baba Gonto Memorial Lecture and book launch in Bogoro Local Government Area which forms part of his constituency.  Recall that some youths had waylaid and attacked the convoys of the Emirs of Bauchi and Dass Alhaji Rilwanu Sulaimanu Adamu and Alhaji Usman Bilyaminu Othman on December 31 last year, forcing them to make a U-turn to their domains. They were on their way to Bogoro Local Government Area to grace the 21st Baba Gonto memorial lecture and book launch. The suspension takes immediate effect pending the determination of a case on the matter in court, which indicted Dogara on the attack. Addressing reporters at his palace yesterday, the Emir of Bauchi, who was represented by Galadiman Bauchi, Sa’idu Ibrahim Jahun alleged that Dogara was suspected of orchestrating the attacks as he did not sympathise nor show any sign of remorse towards what happened to the Emirs of Bauchi and Dass. “At the recent council meeting, we reviewed the case again and expressed our dismay over one of the sons of the area, a stakeholder and our traditional titleholder who was mentioned as one misleading the people and perpetuating the incident. “More surprisingly, he neither sympathised nor show any sign of remorse towards what happened to the Emirs of Bauchi and Dass. “The Emirate Council, therefore, decided to suspend his title of Jakadan Bauchi until the determination of the case by the court,” he said.  Source The Police in Bauchi has beef up security ahead of the 21st Gonto anniversary in Bogoro town, Bogoro Local Government Area of the state. This is contained in a statement by the Spokesman of the command, SP Ahmed Wakil on Wednesday in Bauchi. Wakil said the command had intensified surveillance… In "Security" By Ahmed Kaigama Bogoro (Bauchi state) - Some People’s Democratic Party (PDP) supporters in Bogoro Local Government Area of Bauchi, on Saturday announced their defection to the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state. Giving reasons for their defection, their spokesperson, Bulus Iliya, said that their decision to return to… In "Politics" Bauchi  -   No fewer than 750 farmers in Bauchi Federal Constituency recently received training in irrigation farming, a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Alhaji Ado Danladi-Maigoro, has said. In an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Bauchi, Danladi-Maigoro said that the Speaker, House… In "News"