An anointed candidate of former Gov. Ayodele Fayose of Ekiti, Mr Bisi Kolawole, has emerged the Governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the June 18 election in the state. Gov. Emmanuel Udom of Akwa-Ibom, who presided over the primary election on Wednesday in Ado-Ekiti declared Kolawole as winner. According to Udom, Kolawole, having scored the majority votes and in accordance with the PDP Constitution is hereby declared the winner of the election. Kolawole, a former member of the Ekiti House of Assembly, polled 671 votes of the total votes of 1,185 votes to emerge the party’s candidate in the primary held at the Eagle Event Centre, Ikere Road, Ado-Ekiti. He defeated Mr Segun Oni, a former state governor and also an aspirant, who polled 330 votes in the election. Also, another aspirant, Prof. Kolapo Olusola-Eleka, former Deputy Governor to Fayose and governorship candidate of PDP in the 2018 Governorship election in the state, came third with 93 votes. Others are Mr Adewale Aribisala (56 votes); Kayode Adaramodu (10); Deji Ogunsakin (6 votes), while Sen. Biodun Olujimi, who had earlier pulled out of the race scored two votes, while Kemi Adewumi, had only vote. In the primary election, 13 votes were voided in the 1,208 accredited delegates voters  and total votes cast were 1,185 votes. Kolawole, in his acceptance speech, said the election was smooth, free and credible. He promised to reach out to other aspirants who lost in the election so as to achieve the desired victory for the party in the June 18 election. *PDP PRIMARY RESULTS AT A GLANCE:Segun Oni – 330Bisi Kolawole – 671Kayode Adaramodu – 10Prof. Olusola Kolapo Eleka – 93Deji Ogunsakin – 6Hon. Adewale Aribisala – 56Biodun Olujimi – 2Kemi Adewumi – 1 Deborah Alo – 1 vote. Lateef Ajijola – 1 vote.Void votes – 13Total number of votes cast – 1,185Number of accredited voters – 1208 By Adedeji Egbebi   Ado-Ekiti  -     Minister of Mines and Steel Development, Dr Kayode Fayemi, on Saturday won the All Progressive Congress (APC) governorship primary election for the July 14 election in Ekiti. In the declared result of the exercise, Fayemi polled 941 votes to defeat 31 other aspirants, including… In "News" By Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti -   Mr Dayo Adeyeye, a governorship aspirant in the just concluded Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) primary, says he is defecting to another party in order to realise his ambition of providing rapid development in the state. Adeyeye, who polled 771 votes out of the… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Ekiti State Deputy Governor, Prof. Kolapo Olusola-Eleka has emerged the winner of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) governorship primary election.   Prof. Kolapo Olusola-Eleka scored 1,190 to defeat the only challenger in the race, a former Minister of Works, Mr Dayo Adeyeye, who scored… In "Top Stories"