A chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party in Osun state, Ayodele Asalu, has cautioned members of the party to tread carefully ahead of the forthcoming governorship poll.  It admonished the party members to stop an alleged plan by the ruling All Progressives Congress to create a division within the opposition. Asalu in a statement obtained in Osogbo on Sunday, therefore, called on PDP members to reject the plots of APC agents working in their fold. He also called for an end to the campaign of calumny targeted at a governorship aspirant in the party, stressing that the move may be a calculated attempt to weaken the PDP ahead of the election. He also accused those opposed to Senator Ademola Adeleke of engaging in blackmail to stop him from contesting the party’s primary. Warning leaders of the party against division going into the election, Asalu said the infighting would not benefit the members. “Those who want our party to fail in the upcoming elections are busy spewing falsehoods against Senator Adeleke and igniting a crisis that will make it impossible for us to focus,” he cautioned.  Source ABUJA - The PDP National Chairman, Alhaji Adamu Mu`azu, has charged Iyiola Omisore, the party`s candidate for the forth coming Osun governorship election to reconcile aggrieved members of the party in the state. Mua’azu gave the charge on Thursday in Abuja, shortly before presenting the party`s certificate of return to… In "Politics" By Olajide Idowu   Osogbo -  Mr Yemisi Oladeji, a chieftain of the Social Democratic Party (SDP), said on Saturday that the party’s decision to enter into an alliance with the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Thursday ’s rerun election in Osun was in order. Adedeji, who was also a… In "Politics" By ‘Dare Odufowokan, Assistant Editor • Rift between Atiku’s camp and BoT chair too • To approach Jonathan over peace mission Abuja (Sundiata Post) - As part of its preparation ahead of the 2023 general elections, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has launched an initiative to reconcile its warring governors.… In "Top Stories"