An unverified number of shops and buildings located in front of Relief Market, Onitsha, has been destroyed by fire following an explosion from a petrol tanker laden with the premium motor spirit, (PMS).  According to an eyewitness, the incident which happened around 8:30am on Friday was caused by the articulated truck which broke down at the bad portion of the busy Onitsha – Owerri Expressway. When our Correspondent visited the area, the inferno caused serious traffic gridlock along the highway, as Fire service men from Anambra and Delta states battled to quell the raging fire. Some traders were also seen struggling to safeguard their goods from catching fire. Confirming the incident, the state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Tochukwu Ikenga said: “Information reveals that the cause of the fire is as a result of a tanker carrying fuel by Obodoukwu junction along Onitsha river Owerri road fell. “The situation is under control and is closely monitored. The Police and fire service are currently on ground there.” When reached, the chief fire Officer in Anambra Fire Service, Mr Martin Agbili, said his men were still battling to save the situation. He declined giving any assessment on the level of damage caused by the fire, saying: “The true level of damage cannot be ascertained until the fire is totally extinguished. “You may have to call back much later in the day if you need a true assessment. For now, out men are still battling the fire, and we can only talk about casualty figures or material loses when we are done.” NewsExpress •Raging fire . . . early Thursday morning in Onitsha. PHOTO: PAMELA EBOH / News Express By Pamela Eboh AWKA - Less than 48 hours after a major fire outbreak caused by a fuel tanker explosion in the commercial city of Onitsha, killing about seven people and destroying shops, another… In "Metro" Tragedy was averted on Friday morning after a fuel-laden tanker fell at the Ugwu Onyeama hill, Enugu Onitsha expressway. The tanker spilled its contents on the road, a situation which prompted residents to call the attention of fire service operators. Prompt rescue operations by Enugu State fire service averted an… In "News" By Clement Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Following the Onitsha fuel tanker inferno which claimed many lives and destroyed goods and properties worth billions of naira at Ochanja market, the Senate has resolved to accelerate the passage of the petroleum tankers safety bill presented by Senator Ifeanyi Ubah in a… In "Top Stories"