Unknown gunmen have again stormed the Utako, Abuja office of the THISDAY newspaper in the early hours of yesterday. The armed men, according to an eyewitness came in through the back fence of the company’s premises just as a suicide bomber did 12 years ago. The source said the armed men, who stormed into the premises at about 3 am, “subjected everyone on duty, mostly the production staff members, to inhuman treatment— threatening to kill all of them if they attempted to alert policemen.” He further informed that the hoodlums attempted to cut one of their victims until he appealed to them in the Hausa language. They wanted to cut him with matches until he spoke Hausa to them, that was what saved him. If he was not able to speak Hausa, I don’t know what would have been his fate now,” he said. After a failed operation that lasted for over 40 minutes, the hoodlums were said to have left with a promise to come back again. This happened ten years after suicide bombers hit THISDAY offices in Abuja and Kaduna. It will be recalled that on April 26, 2012, some suicide bombers hit THISDAY offices in Abuja and Kano, in which 11 persons died. As if that was not enough, a similar explosion also occurred in its Kaduna office hours after the previous blast went off in Abuja. Meanwhile, the THISDAY management has since reported the matter at the Divisional Police Headquarters, in Utako, Abuja.  Some gunmen on Thursday have stormed the Utako, Abuja, office of THISDAY newspaper. According to the newspaper, the armed men came in through the back fence of the company’s premises. Although the mission of the armed men, who arrived the premises at about 3:00am has yet to be ascertained, the… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) — Minister of Interior, Lt. Gen. Abdulrahman‎ Dambazau (retd), has said miscreants were behind the March 8 crisis that led to the clash between Yoruba and Hausa traders in the Sabo area of Ile-Ife in Osun State. He has disclosed that security agencies were on their trail to… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Federal lawmaker representing Osun East Senatorial District, Sen Francis Fadahunsi has said that the merciless herdsmen carrying AK-47 that is killing people across the country are not the Hausa Fulani that have been living with us for years. “The Fulani that have been… In "News"