A fake Army General has been apprehended by operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC).  Bolarinwa Oluwasegun, was arrested for an alleged N270million fraud. The suspect, who posed as a General in the Nigerian Army, allegedly made false representations to the complainant, Kodef Clearing Resources, that President, Muhammadu Buhari, had shortlisted him and one other to be appointed as the Chief of Army Staff, COAS, and that he needed a short grant “to press and process the appointment.” He also allegedly forged a letter of appointment as COAS purportedly signed by the President and showed the same to the victim to further prove his claim. In the said letter, he claimed that he needed to pay a certain amount of money into the coffers of the Federal Government of Nigeria, as part of the requirements for the appointment as COAS. A statement by the EFCC Spokesman, Wilson Uwujaren, said the suspect in his bid to defraud the victim, also allegedly forged several documents and the signature of the President. The statement read, “Operatives of the Lagos Zonal Command of the EFCC have arrested one Bolarinwa Oluwasegun, a fake Army General, for an alleged N270m fraud. “The suspect, who posed as a General in the Nigerian Army, allegedly made false representations to the complainant, Kodef Clearing Resources, that the President, Muhammadu Buhari, had shortlisted him and one other to be appointed as the Chief of Army Staff, COAS, and that he needed a short grant “to press and process the appointment.” “He also allegedly forged a letter of appointment as COAS purportedly signed by the President and showed the same to the victim to further prove his claim.”  Source The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) says it has arrested one Bolarinwa Oluwasegun, a fake major general, over alleged N270 million scam. Mr Wilson Uwujaren, EFCC Head, Media and Publicity, said in a statement on Thursday that the suspect paraded himself as the Chief of Army Staff. He said… In "Security" Six days after the death of Chief of Army Staff (COAS)Ibrahim Attahiru in a plane crash, Maj.-Gen. Farouk Yahaya has been named his successor. Yahaya’s appointment yesterday by President Muhammadu Buhari was contained in a terse statement by Acting Defence Information Director Onyema Nwachukwu. The statement reads: “The Commander in… In "News" Abuja - The Minister of Police Affairs, Alhaji Muhammad Dingyadi, has described the Late Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt.- Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru, as a courageous and result-oriented army chief. The minister in statement by his Press Secretary, Mr Osaigbovo Ehisienmen, on Saturday in Abuja described the death of the… In "News"