 The Developing-8 Organisation for Economic Cooperation (D-8) has called on its Member States to prioritise agriculture and food security for sustainable growth. This is contained in a statement by Mr Ilham Uludag, Research Analyst and Press Secretary at D-8 on Saturday. The statement was issued against the backdrop of the seventh D-8 ministerial meeting on Agriculture sectors, including Climate Smart Agriculture (CSA) hosted by Bangladesh from Jan. 12 to 13, 2022. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the D-8 was established on June 15, 1997, for economic cooperation among eight countries. The countries are Bangladesh, Egypt, Indonesia, Iran, Malaysia, Nigeria, Pakistan and Turkey. According to the statement, the meeting themed: “Promotion of CSA” identified agriculture to be a key issue for the D-8 Member States, Ministers of Agriculture, Forestry and Food. “The delegates from the Member States underscored the need to place agriculture and food security at the front burner of development agenda. “D-8 calls on the Member States to prioritise development agenda and to purse it vigorously at all levels. “The project is aimed at boosting the capacity of farmers among the Member States in collaborative research and implementing agriculture of Bangladesh. “Rural communities in D-8 countries are to improve their agricultural production systems towards achieving targets,’’ the statement said. It further stated that the ministerial declaration “Dhaka Initiatives” was adopted at the meeting to ensure the implementation of the CSA goals. It identified such goals as track indicators/sub-indicators regarding sustainable agriculture and exploring opportunities for partnership among D-8 countries. Other goals include scaling up CSA programmes, technologies and farming systems, food and nutrition security, crop intensification, increased farm income and livelihood practice under SDG-2, to move effectively and promote CSA in the D-8. The meeting was attended by The Secretary-General of D-8, Amb. Isiaka Imam, as well as stakeholders from International Maize and Wheat Improvement Centre (CIMMYT). Others were representatives from the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) and the International Rice Research Institute (IRRI). The objectives of D-8 are to improve member states’ position in the global economy, diversify and create new opportunities in trade relations, enhance participation in decision-making at the international level and improve standards of living. (NAN) Abuja   -     The Islamic Development Bank and the D-8 organisation have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to enhance development efforts and joint expertise, knowledge and resources for the socio-economic development of the countries. The MoU was signed on Friday in Istanbul during the ninth summit of… In "News" ABUJA - The Minister of Science and Technology, Dr Abdu Balama, on Tuesday, urged members of the D-8 countries to identify modern and appropriate technologies that would enhance local production capacity and national development. He made the call at the opening of the D-8 Technological Innovation and Exchange Network (D-8… In "Business" By Edward Ojiah   Abuja -  Amb. Dato’ Ku Jaafar Ku Shaari, Secretary General, Developing-8 organization for Economic Cooperation, has expressed desire to collaborate with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) to aid economic development among member states. He gave the indication when he led a delegation to pay a… In "News"