The Youth4Youth Movement, a political group, says a viable, agile, visionary and youthful president is the best bet for Nigeria in 2023. The group pledging their commitments to make it a reality. It made this known in a statement signed by its Director of Communications, Mr Timiprye Sam, which was made available to newsmen on Tuesday in Abuja. The group said that Nigeria cannot continue to recycle old leaders and expect a change in fortune, insisting that 2023 is the year of the youth. They however called on elder statesmen and all Nigerians to give the youth of the country a chance to govern the nation. The group said it is made up of members of different political parties, urging all the parties to consider candidates below the age of 50 for the presidency. “We boast of members from all political parties, especially APC, PDP and APGA. We are not interested in partisan fanaticism in 2023. “We will only vote for a party that produces candidates below the age of 50, especially for the Presidency as we are ready to change our fate. “We have enlisted over 7 million youth across the nation and we have continued to get the buy-in of youths to key into the Youth4Youth project. “Out of frustration, the youth are the ones recruited into crimes and violence. The youth are the ones suffering the lack of economic prosperity and lack of jobs. The youth are the worst hit when there is bad governance. “Therefore, it is time we take our destinies in our own hands and elect an informed, dynamic, pragmatic and energetic young man or woman to lead our nation to prosperity,” the statement read in part. They noted that elder statesmen like Chief Bola Tinubu should push and support younger ones to contest for the presidency rather than contesting. “Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu is a man we respect so much and we never expect he would come out to deny the youth their chance in 2023. “But that is democracy and it is now the responsibility of all Nigerian youths to reject governance by the old. “The old people brought us to this level, the youth should be given the chance to clean their mess.” The Youth4Youth Movement expressed gratitude to visionary youths across the country for speaking with one voice for in a long time. The group however commended President Muhammadu Buhari for signing the Not-Too-Young-To-Run Bill into Law. They added that as the engine room for national growth and development, the youths will not fold their hands and watch the elders impose old candidates on them. A group in the northern part of Nigeria under the auspices of Arewa Youths for Orji Uzor Kalu has expressed support for the Chief Whip of the Senate, to become the next president of the country. The group made its position known in a statement jointly signed by the National… In "Politics" We started this series penultimate week with permutations regarding the conventions and congresses of Nigeria's two major political parties – the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) and the opposition People's Democratic Party (PDP) in the run-up to the 2023 general elections. Last week, we examined the different scenarios that may… In "Column - Monday" Following the interest shown by some individuals to become the country’s president in 2023, a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Adamu Kuta, has criticised the party National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, for saying he is under pressure to contest after President Muhammad Buhari’s 2nd term in office which… In "Top Stories"