Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo says there is a strong nexus between the kind of education students receive in schools and what they turn out to be later in life.  Osinbajo made the assertion while speaking at a fundraiser for Igbobi College, his alma mater, on Saturday night in Lagos. Osinbajo said the values he had imbibed till date and some of the competencies he had acquired, were largely due to the impactful education he got at Igbobi College. The Vice-President said what he and other old students got was total education, that did not only place emphasis on strong academic performance but also discipline. He said the school rewarded academic achievements and excellence in sports but seriously sanctioned bad behaviour. “Igbobi placed great value on academic, sports and literary achievements; so, you were called out on stage to receive prizes during the assembly, so you were recognised. “So if you excelled in sports, you were recognised, if you excelled in academics, you were recognised on the assembly ground. “But on the same stage, you would be seriously whipped for bad behaviour. So, reward and punishment were on the same stage”, he said. Osinbajo, who passed out of the school in 1975, described Igbobi College as a leveller, saying all students, irrespective of background, were treated equally. He said the teachers at the school during his days were very helpful, adding his English teacher in his first year greatly encouraged him to better his writing skills. The Vice-President said Igbobi College had transformed lives and had contributed tremendously to Nigeria’s human capital. He commended the old students of the school for coming up with the idea of the fundraiser to generate funds to uplift the school. Osinbajo said he had no doubt that the various interventions by the old students at Igbobi College would help improve the standard of teaching and learning in the school. Earlier, Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rep. Femi Gbajabiamila, commended the alumni of the school for its efforts at raising standards in the college. Gbajabiamila, also an old student, said the various interventions by the old students would not only uplift the school but also impact education. The Speaker urged friends of the school and other Nigerians to contribute to making it a centre of academic excellence. “We urge you all to join us in not only uplifting the school but promoting education,” he said. In his remarks, Mr Muyiwa Kinoshi, President, ICOBA, said the fundraiser was organised as part of efforts to improve infrastructure in the school and enhance teaching and learning. He said ICOBA was irrevocably committed to the progress of the school and would continue to do its best to improve teaching and learning.   Source Lagos - Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Sunday hailed the founding fathers of Igbobi College, Lagos, for laying solid structures for the grooming of Nigerian youths. He gave the commendation at a Thanksgiving Service held at the college chapel by Igbobi College Old Boys Association (ICOBA), 1969 to 1973/1975 set.… In "News" Abuja - Nigeria’s Vice President Yemi Osinbajo turned 62 years today,  with the professor of law along with wife, Dolapo giving praises to Jesus as the “lover of his soul” and ‘strong tower’. Osinbajo, who escaped death last month in a helicopter crash in Kogi state, won re-election on February 23… In "Top Stories" ABUJA - Vice President Yemi Osinbajo says the African Development Bank (AfDB) has agreed to support Micro Small and Medium Enterprises(MSMEs), especially technology-based ones with 500 million dollars in Nigeria. Osinbajo disclosed this on Sunday at the 33rd Inaugural Lecture of Babcock University, Ilishan Remo, Ogun. The institution’s 33rd Inaugural… In "Business"