The All Progressives Congress (APC) Youth and Student Council has begun collation of data ahead of the 2023 general election to create awareness and mobilise vibrant Nigerians, through effective engagement, to foster the dividends of democracy.  Youth leader Seyi Bamigbade said the council has also rebranded its website for this purpose, as well as infused programmes to cater for talented and skilful individuals. Bamigbade explained that the re-launching, which held at the Shehu Musa Yar Adua Centre in Abuja, embodies a data collection scheme that provides young ones with employment opportunities and allows youths to register their Permanent Voters’ Card (PVC) through the INEC link embedded He added that the platform is also designed to collate the data of youths and students, and expose them to a tuition-free educational scholarship scheme ahead of the 2023 general election. “We have organised numerous youth empowerment summits and training with a start-up packages for business. Our targets are the youths and indigent students as we are poised to empower them like never before, both educationally and business-wise. “This rebranding will bring all youths nearer to their regional leaders, development strides and in-depth insight into our mission and objectives, which is to modify the attitude of the youth and realise a more resourceful and productive Nigeria,” Bamigbade added.   Source The Youth Council of the Apex Igbo socio-cultural organization Ohanaeze Ndigbo says it is time a Nigerian of Igbo extraction becomes president of Nigeria. Addressing a press conference in Abakaliki, the Ebonyi state capital, the general secretary of the council, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike advised Igbos to united ahead of the… In "News" The past month has been revealing to the government and people of Nigeria. As the dust of the epochal youth protest tagged #EndSARS settles and the billows die down, everybody is taking note of the costs, what was done, what shouldn’t have been done and the possibilities ahead. For once,… In "Opinion" Ohaneze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide in partnership with Middlebelt Youth Council Worldwide have warned all the political parties in the country, especially the All Peoples Progressives Congress (APC) and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) leadership to respect the agreement of rotating the seat of presidency adopted since 1999. The group… In "Politics"