BENIN CITY – THE police in Edo State late yesterday said a joint security team of police, military and other security agencies would be deployed to 2nd Abumwemre Camp (settlement) in Ovia North East local government area of Edo state as a result of alleged threat by suspected migrant herdsmen. The Police Public Relations Officer, SP Bello Kontongs stated this after a joint security team, comprising the Nigeria Army and the Nigeria police and the media visited the multi-ethnic Camp where he assured the people of security of lives and property. READ ALSO:Police recover 109 anti-aircraft ammunition in Katsina The visit was occasioned by reported invasion of the area by suspected herdsmen some of them dressed in military camouflage. Kotongs spoke in behalf of the State Commissioner of police, CP. Phillip Ogbadu, represented by Assistant Commissioner of police, Ekiadolor Area Command, Badaru Wase while an Army Major Isah represented the 4-Brigade Commander at the meeting. He said: “The Commissioner of police, Phillip Ogbadu and the State governor, Godwin Obaseki and the 4-Brigade Commander after listening to the news that the residents of the community were sacked, directed his men to join us. “We want to assure the Community and residents of Edo State and the State government has decided to send a delegation to douse the tension and ensure people are safe. “The work of every security personnel is to protect lives and property.We will continue to patrol around to ensure sanity is restored in the Community”, he said. The leader of 2nd Abumwenre Camp, Mr. Solomon Omoragbon said he was in Benin City when the herders came to issue stern warning to the people. “They instructed us not to ring our bell anymore and we should bring out any vigilante out, stop setting fire at night. Vigilante in the area should stop shooting guns. “I haven’t seen the herdsmen but I saw the food items they ate”, he said. Another resident of the Camp, Mr. Osadebamwen Aigbe, said on Sunday, we went to Ekiadolor police station to give report. “They (herdsmen) wore camouflage, carried Ak-47 and shoot repeatedly for sometime now. They destroyed plantain, yam and cassava. They also destroyed our farms” he said. ABUJA - Against the backdrop of frequent attacks on communities across the country by Fulani herdsmen, President  Muhammadu Buhari Monday night held a meeting with Catholic Archbishop of Abuja, John Cardinal Onaiyekan; Catholic Bishop of Sokoto, Dr. Matthew Hassan Kukah, and 14 other Catholic bishops. The meeting was held under… In "Top Stories" By Monday Ajogun Benin   -    Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo on Wednesday directed the Commissioner of Police, Haliru Gwandu, to intensify investigations into a recent killing blamed on suspected herdsmen. Obaseki gave the directive when he paid condolence visit to Ukpenu community in Esan West Local Government where… In "News" UNKNOWN gunmen, suspected to be Fulani herdsmen, have again killed over 32 people of Tiv ethnic stock at different locations across the southern senatorial district of Nasarawa State in coordinated attacks over the weekend. This is as suspected Fulani herdsmen killed about nine mobile policemen deployed to Logo Local Government… In "News"