Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has lashed out at the Muhammadu Buhari-led government over the poor state of the economy and the naira.  He slammed the ruling All Progressive Congress, APC, administration for making life unbearable for Nigerians under 7 years of governance. Ortom recalled that the US dollar used to be ₦190 in the past administration, but it is now being sold for ₦590 under President Muhammadu Buhari-led government. Speaking about insecurity, the PDP Governor said people used to hear of Boko Haram in Borno, the northern region of the country, but today, “the terrorist sect is in Benue State; it is in the North-Central, South-South, South-West, South-East and even worst in the North-West.” Ortom boasted that the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) will form the government at the national level come 2023. Ortom stated this at a meeting with the party’s governorship aspirants at the Government House, Makurdi, on Monday. According to the governor, when the PDP reclaims power, it would continue from where it left governance in 2015. He said that the opposition party had ample opportunity to return to power with the abysmal performance of the All Progressives Congress government. Ortom stressed that Nigerians were fed up with the APC, the party he said came to power through deceit, propaganda and lies. He said, “I want to assure you that by the grace of God, the PDP is going to take over the mantle of leadership at the national level, because clearly from what we are seeing in Nigeria today, the APC has become a failure. “They came on the platform of deceit, lies and propaganda. It takes two to tango. People saw what the PDP was able to do and today, they have seen what the APC is doing.” “What was the PDP doing – security of lives and property, economic development, reduction in unemployment and ensuring free movement in Nigeria. “Today, some states in the North-East are being controlled by Boko Haram. Why did I say this? The governors themselves have confirmed this. Even in the North-Central, there are some states that are controlled by Boko Haram. It wasn’t so in 2015 when the APC took over. “So, are we going to continue in this manner? Do we want to be Afghanistan? Do we want Afghanistan to extend its frontiers to Nigeria? Our country is gradually subjecting itself and giving itself to terrorists and surrendering to terrorists,” Ortom said. Speaking further about insurgency, the governor said: “If parts of the North-East have been conquered by terrorists and parts of the North-West have been conquered by terrorists, and even now as we hear, some parts of the North-Central have been conquered by terrorists, are we going to allow it to come to Benue State? “You people should tell me, because I’m your governor; if you want me to surrender to terrorists, I will do it.” He observed that the open grazing being canvassed by the Federal Government was a camouflage. “It is a lie; it is a programme designed in the international Fulani world to take over and seize our land, manipulate us and make us slaves. “We are looking for when the PDP will continue from where it stopped in 2015 and provide leadership for economic growth and take possession of employment and reduce unemployment in our country,” Ortom reiterated.  Source Thousands of members from the All Progressives Congress and other parties in Benue state have dumped their parties and joined the Peoples Democratic Party. Leaders of the defectors also apologised to Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State for erroneously joining forces with enemies of the state to castigate and mock… In "Politics" By Innocent Odoh, James Kwen, & Tony Ailemen The high profile defections that have hit the All Progressives Congress (APC) have altered the balance of power among the country’s two main parties ahead of the 2019 elections. Before the current defections, APC was the dominant party in most parts of… In "Top Stories" On Monday, July 16, 2018, Benue state governor, Samuel Ortom, announced that he had been issued a red card by the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state. In contemplation of the governor’s claim, three realities readily come to mind. The first reality is that he had never been in… In "Politics"