 The Nigeria Export Processing Zones Authority (NEPZA) has emphasised the need to adopt free trade zone model in exploration, refining, production and marketing of gemstones. The Managing Director of NEPZA, Prof. Adesoji Adesugba, said this when Mr Tom Cushman, a renowned gemologist and businessman visited him in Abuja. A statement issued on Friday in Abuja by Martins Odeh, Head, Corporate Communications, NEPZA, quoted Adesugba as saying that adopting the model was critical in repositioning Nigeria’s jewelries and gemological industry. Adesugba explained that NEPZA continued to explore the global business space with the view to attracting investors to all sectors of the economy. He added that steps were taken to secure the commitment of critical stakeholders for the initiative to come to fruition. “In the light of this, the authority is going to open discussion with the Ministry of Solid Minerals, Gemological Institute of Nigeria and experts in the industry. “This is to establish partnership that can scale-up effective management of the sector through training and certification of qualified gemologists. “No doubt, we foresee an incredible impact of this initiative on the country’s Gross Domestic Product (GDP) when concretised as fresh jobs will be created and substantial illegal mining of the country’s precious stones will be dislocated. “Let me, therefore, express my profound delight on the visit of Mr Tom Cushman, an American Gemologist and Businessman, who is prepared to assist us popularise the Nigeria’s gemstones’ industry globally,’’ Adesugba said. Cushman said that Nigeria was endowed with variety of solid mineral, adding that NEPZA’s decision to spearhead this initiative would help to attract huge investments in the sector. “Nigeria must leverage on my expertise, knowledge in the training, identification, grading, and marketing of jewelries/gems so as to boost the economy more sustainably,’’ Cushman said. Gemology is the science of studying, cutting, and valuing precious stones. (NAN) •Prof Adesoji Adesugba receiving Mr Tom Cushman in his office in Abuja ABUJA - In the bid to reposition the country’s jewelry gemological industry, the Nigeria Export Processing Zones Authority (NEPZA) says it is on the verge of convincing the Ministry of Solid Minerals and the Gemological Institute of Nigeria… In "Business" •Prof Adesoji Adesugba, MD of NEPZA ABUJA (SundiataPost) - President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Professor Adesoji Adesugba as the new Managing Director of Nigeria Export Processing Zones Authority (NEPZA), a parastatal under the Federal Ministry of Trade and Investment. The President's approval was given in a letter… In "News" ABUJA - The Managing Director of the Nigeria Export Processing Zones Authority (NEPZA), Prof. Adesoji Adesugba, said the Authority was poised to use the Free Trade Zones and Special Economic Zones to contribute its quota to rejuvenate the country’s economy. Adesugba made the remark on Wednesday in Abuja as… In "News"