People living in Afghanistan are selling their kidneys just to survive under the rule of The Taliban, it has been revealed.  This comes after a 25-year-old mother in a heartbreaking interview with Sky News lamented that her three-year-old son died of hunger about since months ago in a village outside the city of Herat, in the western part of the country. ‘I cannot see them all lose their lives… at least this way, someone else will feed them.’ Both she and her husband have already sold their kidneys and are now facing the unthinkable choice of which of their eight children to sell. He said: ‘We have nothing left to sell. We have to sell our children now and I’m prepared to do this for even 20,000 Afghanis (about £150 or $200). ‘I can’t go to sleep every night with them crying that they are hungry.’ A growing number of Afghans are also selling their kidneys as it is the only way to meet basic food needs. Harrowing photographs taken in a small village community outside Herat show rows of men and women showing large scars on their abdomens from the painful surgeries. Many of them have had to sell their organs to buyers across the border in Iran in an effort to repay their mounting debts. One teenage mother, who said she had been operated on about a month ago, said: ‘We have no choice. We do this to feed our children.’ More than half of the country’s estimated 40 million population faces ‘extreme levels of hunger, and nearly nine million of them are at risk of famine’, according to the UN refugee agency, UNHCR. International funding to Afghanistan has been suspended and billions of dollars of the country’s assets abroad, mostly in the US, were frozen after the militants regained control of the government. Ramin Behzad, of the International Labour Organization (ILO) for Afghanistan stressed the situation is ‘critical and immediate support for stabilisation and recovery is required’. He continued: ‘While the priority is to meet immediate humanitarian needs, lasting and inclusive recovery will depend on people and communities having access to decent employment, livelihoods, and basic services.’ ILO also expects that by the middle of this year, job losses will increase to nearly 700,000.  Source It’s hard to imagine that barely three weeks ago, most of Afghanistan was under the control of the Columbia University-trained President Mohammad Ashraf Ghani. Following the withdrawal of US military troops, province after province, the country’s military defence crumbled like a pack of cards and by Sunday, August 15th, Taliban… In "Opinion" Women in Afghanistan have expressed fear as Taliban forces sack female bank workers in two provinces that had earlier fallen under their jackboot. This is even as advertisements that featured women wearing wedding dresses appear to have been painted over in Kabul after Taliban fighters entered Afghanistan’s capital on Sunday,… In "Foreign" Islamic human rights organisation, Muslim Rights Concern, has said the Taliban should be given a chance to govern chaos-torn Afghanistan after President Ashraf Ghani fled the landlocked Asian country on Sunday, abandoning the presidential palace to Taliban fighters. MURIC Director, Prof. Ishaq Akintola, stated this in a chat with The… In "News"