The Ekiti State government has said some members of the All Progressives Congress are uncomfortable with the rising profile of Governor Kayode Fayemi ahead of the 2023 presidential election.  This is as the government alleged plots by some political interests to activate a spate of negative media campaigns against Governor Fayemi, with an aim to portray him as unacceptable to the generality of the people across the six geo-political zones of the country. This was disclosed in a statement titled, ‘Fresh Plot To Defame Gov Fayemi Uncovered,’ signed by the Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Yinka Oyebode, on Thursday. The statement read, “The general public is hereby alerted of a fresh plot by some political interests to activate a spate of negative media campaigns against the person of Dr Kayode Fayemi, Governor of Ekiti State and Chairman of the Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF). “The plot, as uncovered, is to use some faceless political groups and political jobbers from different parts of the country to defame the Ekiti State Governor. “Specifically, the plan is to use the faceless groups to discredit Governor Fayemi and portray him as unacceptable to the generality of the people across the six geo-political zones of the country. This plot is part of their game plan for the 2023 presidential contest. “For the avoidance of doubt, Dr Fayemi has not told anyone that he is in the race for the Presidency of Nigeria. He has always maintained that he is on duty in Ekiti and would like to concentrate on that assignment. What he does afterwards is in the hands of God and he will cross that bridge at the appropriate time. He restated this position during his most recent interview with Arise TV on January 1, 2022. What we have under Buhari is a Nigeria flowing with blood of our children -Dokpesi“Some entrenched interests within the ruling All Progressives Congress, however, seem uncomfortable with the rising profile of the NGF Chairman and have resorted to cheap blackmail aimed at de-marketing him. “We urge members of the public to disregard the potpourri of lies and cheap blackmail that could be released in the coming days, while the promoters of this smear campaign are advised to concentrate on marketing their aspiration to the good people of Nigeria without recourse to defamation or character assassination of perceived competitors. “The Nigerian Constitution states clearly the qualifications for the position of the President of the country. Every qualified adult has the right to aspire to the number one position. Therefore, we do not believe it is proper, decent or strategic for any aspirant to think his campaign can only gather momentum when he destroys the reputation of a fellow citizen who is perceived as a possible opponent.”  Source By Ariwodola Idowu   Ado Ekiti   -       Ekiti Governor-elect, Dr Kayode Fayemi, on Wednesday called on Gov. Ayodele Fayose to refrain from actions capable of plunging the state into further financial crisis through irregular and unconstitutional means. The governor-elect, in a statement issued by the Media Director of his campaign… In "News" Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has declined confirmation of his rumoured ambition to contest the presidential election on the platform of the All Progressive Congress (APC) in 2023. Fayemi’s posters had been spotted in the social media and Ado-Ekiti in recent times but he disassociated himself from them. The… In "Politics" Ariwodola Idowu   Ado Ekiti   -      Former Ekiti state governor and current Minister of Mines and Steel Development, Dr Kayode Fayemi on Sunday says he will contest the July 14 gubernatorial election coming up soon in the state under the APC. He made his ambition known at… In "News"