The Federal Government has said the major challenge of facing electricity supply in the country is transmission of power generated. The Minister of Power, Engr. Abubakar Aliyu, said this, while noting that the President Muhammadu Buhari administration was worried about power generation hovering around 5,000MW. Aliyu spoke during an inspection tour of the 215MW Kudenda Power Station in Chikun local government area of Kaduna State in the company of Governor Nasir el-Rufai on Tuesday. The Minister said the “present administration is worried about the power generation hovering around 5,000MW, and efforts are in top gear to quickly increase it to 7,000MW, then 11,000MW before finally reaching 25,000MW in a few years time.READ ALSO: We’re worried about mere 5,000MW of electricity — FG “The major challenge faced by electricity in Nigeria is poor transmission of power generated. “Government is doing everything possible to harvest the generated power, transmit them and generally improve electricity supply across the country. “This power station project started in 2012 and it has reached over 80% completion before work stalled. “Now we are trying to revive it. There are four partners and we are discussing with them to see how we can complete the project and bring it on stream. “It would be powered by diesel first before the supply of gas because it uses dual source of power. “This year is year of delivery. The present situation we are in is not good enough; we have to improve. “Within six months, you will see the electricity of this country improve. The Siemens which is an agreement struck between Nigeria and Germany will come on stream. “There are 10 massive transformers to be deployed all round the country in specific locations. “We also deployed 175 mobile substations some greenfield, some brownfield, which are going to construct.” By Chidinma Agu   Lagos   -      An energy expert, Prof. Sylvester Egwu, has advised the Federal Government to mandate each state government to generate 1,000 Mega Watts (MW) of electricity that will be added to national grid. Egwu, the Chief Executive Officer, KAKU Professional Engineers Ltd., an… In "Business" LAGOS - Mr Frank Edozie, Senior Special Adviser on Gas to the Minister of Power, said that power generation dropped to 3,500 megawatts due to sabotage of pipelines and inadequate gas supply. Edozie disclosed this in a telephone interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos. According to… In "Business" The Federal Government is considering supplying electricity to the Republic of Chad following a recent request by the neighbouring country.   The government-owned Transmission Company of Nigeria disclosed on Sunday that a meeting was held last week to discuss the possibilities of connecting Chad to the national grid.   Nigeria,… In "News"