The Redeemed Christian Church of God on Tuesday confirmed the death of a Retired Deputy General Overseer of the church, Pastor Joseph Abiona.  The PUNCH had reported that the 96-year-old retired DGO of the church passed on on Friday. RCCG Assistant General Overseer, Administration and Personnel, Pastor Johnson Odesola, in a statement, said the funeral arrangements for the deceased would be announced later. The statement titled, ‘Pa J. H. Abiona goes home’, read, “With gratitude to God and total submission to His will, the Redeemed Christian Church of God regrets to announce the passing unto glory of our beloved father in the Lord, the Deputy General Overseer, Pastor J. H. Abiona who passed to glory on Friday the 31st December 2021. “He is survived by his biological family, children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren as well many spiritual children. “Further arrangements for his final rite as agreed by the family will be announced later. “We pray for the Lord to comfort the entire family and the church at this time.” Born in 1925, Abiona was one of the respected elders of the church. He was appointed acting General Superintendent after the death of the founder, Pa Josiah Akindayomi. Abiona had handled the transition of the church leadership from Akindayomi to the current General Overseer, Pastor Enoch Adeboye, in 1981 and weathered the storm generated by people who were eager to lead the church, despite God’s plan, which had earlier been made known to them. Respected for his humility and commitment to the work of God in the church, Abiona was known as one of the very few people to pray for Adeboye and his wife, Pastor Foluke, during church programmes. In an earlier interview with a magazine in the church, he had said, “I thank God that we insisted on doing God’s will and today everyone can see that the successor was God’s choice.”   Source  Nigeria's number one man, President Muhammadu Buhari has consoled General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG) Pastor Enoch Adeboye, family and church members over the death of his son, Pastor Dare Adeboye. In a statement by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, the President… In "News" The leadership of the Redeemed Christian Church of God announces the transition to glory of the Assistant General Overseer in Charge of Doctrines, Pastor Elijah .O. Daramola at the age of 67. Pastor Elijah Daramola who was a member of the Governing Council of the Mission, passed on in the… In "News" THE President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), and the Senate President, Ahmad Lawal, were among prominent Nigerians who took turns on Thursday to express their condolences to the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adeboye, his family and members of his church over the death… In "News"