The All Progressives Congress has distanced itself from a list making the rounds that detailed purported zoning of offices announced by the Chairman of the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee, Mai Mala Buni.  This is according to a disclaimer signed on Wednesday by the APC’s Director-General, Press and Media Affairs, Mamman Mohammed. The disclaimer read in part, “The attention of the Governor of Yobe State and Chairman APC Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee, Mai Mala Buni, has been drawn to media publications with purported zoning of offices allegedly announced by him. “He has in clear and unambiguous terms denied the said list, saying, it is false, baseless, unfounded, misleading and has nothing to do with him.” Buni said the APC has not taken any decision at any fora on anything relating to the zoning of offices. He said, “The publication is just a figment of the author’s imagination that has nothing to do with the Chairman and the party. Fresh crisis hits APC as aggrieved members drag Buni to court“The public is hereby urged to disregard the purported list as it is misleading and completely false.” The Chairman urged the press to resist unverified stories, and rumours, and to always verify all issues related to the party, promising that the doors of the party are always open.  Source An All Progressives Congress group, under the aegis of the Progressives Youth Movement, has passed a vote of no confidence in the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee of the party. The governor was appointed the chairman of the APC’s Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee in June 2020 following… In "Politics" Supporters of the All Progressives Congress under the aegis of the Progressive Youth Movement, on Monday, announced the sack of Governor Mai Mala Buni-led Caretaker/ Extraordinary National Convention Planning Committee. In its place, the movement announced a new national caretaker committee with Mustapha Audu as chairman. The new APC national… In "Politics" •Yobe State governor, Mai Mala Buni  By TAIWO AMODU ABUJA - Divergent opinions have trailed Friday’s tacit endorsement of tenure extension for the All Progressives Congress Caretaker/ Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) by President Muhammadu Buhari.  At the end of a meeting held at the Presidential Villa between the CECPC led by… In "Politics"