BY JAMES EZE I am inexplicably happy that a delegation of Haitians are reportedly in Enugu at the moment to trace their Igbo roots. I have read somewhere that many Haitians have Igbo roots and that nowhere is Igbo culture deeply embedded in all of South America as in Haiti. I also read about the Igbo presence in Jamaica. In fact, a certain Jamaican lady in Awka once told me that the first time she saw me, she stiffled a scream. I am a spitting image of her father back in Jamaica🤣. She said it took her a while to believe that I was not her father. I think I am fascinated by the decision of the Haitians to look into the dark tunnel of painful history. I think we should reciprocate this gesture by establishing robust cultural ties with Haiti and Jamaica. Some years ago, Chinua Achebe delivered a lecture to mark the 200 years anniversary of the end of the Trans Atlantic Slave Trade in Jamaica. It was historic. It was a great beginning that was never sustained. This is not one of those ideas where everyone waits hands akimbo for the government. Igbo cultural groups like Ohaneze, Aka Ikenga and Mkpoko Igbo can lead this initiative. Umu nnem, nno nu o!May the spirits of our ancestors give you the light you seek. •Source: Facebook A Book Review of Professor Emeka Aniagolu’s A Tale of Two Giants: Chinua Achebe & Wole Soyinka. By Kirsten C. Okenwa The first sixteen years of my life was in Kano, Nigeria. Needless to say I appreciate all things Hausa and Arabic. I like to read magazines and non-fiction books in… In "News" By Emeka Umeagbalasi There must be limits and restraints over ongoing and raging web or social media hostile responses or attacks against persons and institutions considered sacred, hallowed and ancient in Igbo Land. Such unwarranted and misguided attacks coming from the likes of my good friend-Ugo Harris Ukandu and our IPOB… In "Opinion" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) Culture is internally too intricate to be understood from the outside. This perhaps is one of the critical messages of Professor Chinua Achebe. That perhaps again explains, why his novels, especially Things Fall Apart, are such global hits. Much of the world came to see how finely… In "Social Media Feeds"