An Islamic State’s West Africa Province (ISWAP) commander, Mallam Ari alongside some foreign fighters have been eliminated in Borno state.  The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) operation under Operation Hadin Kai took out the terrorists at Kirta Wulgo in Borno State with the help of Super Tucano airstrike. Mallam Ari, Commander in charge of the area, and mercenaries fabricating Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs) for ISWAP died in the attack. A military officer told PRNigeria that the location was targeted after intelligence revealed scores of insurgents converging at Northeast Kirta Wulgo. “Some were seen with weapons around a make-shift structure, a likely indication that the structure might have had a high calibre terrorist target. “The structures were burnt and destroyed at the fringes. Several ISWAP fighters were neutralized including Mallam Ari, the Fiya of Kirta Wulgo,” he was quoted to have said. The Fiya title is held by the second in the hierarchy of the terrorists’ military structure. NAF spokesperson, Air Commodore Edward Gabkwet, confirmed that the bombardment was successful.  Source By Doris Esa Abuja - The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has destroyed another Islamic State of West Africa Province (ISWAP) Terrorists (BHTs) hideout in Borno. NAF also neutralised several of their fighters at Kirta Wulgo on the fringes of Lake Chad in the state. NAF Director of Public Relations and… In "News" The Air Task Force (ATF) of Operation LAFIYA DOLE has destroyed an Islamic State of West Africa Province (ISWAP) training camp at Kirta Wulgo on the fringes of the Lake Chad in the Northern part of Borno State under the ongoing air interdiction code named Operation Rattle Snake 3. The… In "News" Abuja - Coordinated aerial strikes from the Nigerian military have eliminated a notorious ISWAP commander, Abou Sufyan, and scores of his fighters along the fringes of Lake Chad in Borno State. PRNigeria gathered that the strikes from the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) component of the Operation Hadin Kai launched a… In "Top Stories"