Passengers have protested against Dana air for delaying flights for seven hours.  According to a report by DailyPost, pandemonium broke out at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja on Wednesday as passengers protested. The protesting passengers complained that they were not informed about the delay until they began to register their grievances. Dana Manager, Mr Dahiru told DAILY POST that flights to Enugu were not safe at the time of the schedule. The Manager claimed that Dana was not aware that their planes were not in good shape, hence the late announcement. When asked to tell the difference between the initial flight time and the rescheduled time, he declined comments, claiming he did not understand the question. As of the time of filing this report, tension is high at the airport as many passengers have now requested a refund. Some of the passengers were said to have lost their items as a result of the protest. They called on the Nigerian government to immediately act on the incessant and unpredictable issues with Dana air.  Source By Adekunle Williams and Solomon Asowata Lagos - The domestic terminals of Murtala Muhammed International Airport in Lagos witnessed influx of passengers on Thursday ahead of the Easter holidays. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Federal Government had declared April 19 and 22 to mark the Easter… In "News" Lagos -  Some passengers of Dana Air were on Thursday stranded at airports across the country for several hours following a strike embarked upon by the airline's pilots. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that the decision of the pilots to disrupt the airline's flight operations was informed by… In "News" Dana Air passengers who wee left stranded by the airline after their flight was delayed and then cancelled, were provoked to an almost violent situation.  Passengers Protest As Dana Cancels Uyo-Lagos Flight After 10-Hour Delay  Passengers of Dana Air heading to Lagos from Uyo, Akwa Ibom state capital were stranded at… In "News"