The Central Bank of Nigeria has released a guide for bank customers and others on how and where they can lodge complaints against financial institutions regulated by it.  The financial institutions include commercial banks, microfinance banks, primary mortgage institutions, and discount houses. The CBN noted that it had earlier issued a circular directing all banks to expand their existing ATM help desks to handle all types of consumer complaints. “Therefore, if you have a complaint against your bank, you must first report the complaint at the bank/branch where the issue originated and then allow two weeks (it might be less or more in some cases) for the issues to be resolved,” it said. According to the apex bank, the customer has the right to escalate the complaint to the Director, Consumer Protection Department of the CBN after lodging a complaint, when the bank fails to acknowledge within three days or issue a tracking number, or fails to resolve the complaint within the timelines as stipulated by the Consumer Protection Regulation. The CBN said, “You can only direct your complaints to CPD upon the failure of your bank/financial institution to resolve your complaint within the timeline stipulated by the Consumer Protection Regulation. “You can contact the CPD through the following channels: Consumer Protection Department, Garki, Abuja. Your letter of complaint should be addressed to the Director, Consumer Protection Department. You can submit your letter at the CBN Head Office or at any of the CBN branches nationwide.”   Source By Racheal Ishaya April 8 -   The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), said any bank that deducts monies illegally from a customer’s account for products and services would be forced to refund the money to the customer with interest. Mr Fada David, Consumer Complaints Management, Consumer Protection Department, CBN,… In "Business" By Nse Anthony-Uko ABUJA, (Sundiata Post) -- The Senate has passed a resolution calling on the Central Bank of Nigeria to suspend the ATM card maintenance charges being deducted from customers. The Senate made this known via a tweet @SPNigeria. This resolution came as part of a motion on the… In "Business" By Siaka Momoh As part of its policy thrust in the next five years, Nigerian apex bank, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), will intensify its financial literacy and consumer protection programmes, Governor of the CBN Godwin Emefiele said Monday in Abuja at a press interactive session. Said the governor:  “We will… In "Business"