The Lagos State University has urged fast-rising artiste, Akinbiyi Abiola Ahmed aka Bella Shmurda to return to the institution to complete his degree programme. On his birthday, the artiste had in a tweet said he dropped out of the school because he failed some courses. However, the 25-yr-old artiste has become popular with his debut single, ‘Vision 2020’, the remix of which featured Olamide Adedeji aka Baddo. Bella Smurda who has another hit single, ‘Cash App’ to his name says he is now worth 550millions streams. He said he’s glad he left LASU for his music dream. He tweeted: “I now worth over half a billion streams (550millions streams to be precise). I for still Dey lasu Dey wine and dine with carryovers and stranded with nothing in my pocket… forever glad I did my thing.” Reacting to his tweet, the institution rated as the best state-owned university in Nigeria said it’s happy it played a part in Bella Shmurda’s story. The school, however, urged him to return to the classroom to complete his degree programme. LASU tweeted: Happy birthday @fineboybella Glad you have come this far pursuing your dream. Also glad @LASUOfficial a part in your beautiful story because Univ. dont make people rich, only incubate them to find and achieve purpose. BTW, please come back to class and earn your degree. Meanwhile, a popular music promoter, Quadri Taoreed, better known as Kogbagidi, who graduated from the institution visited the school on Wednesday, January 26, 2022. Kogbagidi was received by the institution’s Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Ibiyemi Olatunji-Bello and other principal officers at the VC’s office. (Pulse.ng)     •Bella ShmurdaSinger Bella Shmurda has taken to Twitter to reflect on becoming successful in the Nigerian music industry.  The singer who revealed that he now has 550 million streams on all platforms, revealed that he would have still been at Lagos state university where he was an undergraduate student, wining… In "News" Nigerian singer, Akinbiyi Abiola Ahmed aka Bella Shmurda has boasted that all the people in his class who considered him dull are nothing near him in terms of money. According to him, he is now far richer than all of them. The ”Sho Mo Mi” crooner who graduated from Lagos… In "Entertainment" Lagos -  Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode of Lagos State on Thursday said that a programme to enable fresh graduates become job creators, rather than job seekers, had been instituted in the state. Ambode made the disclosure at the award of Post Graduate Diplomas, Masters and Ph.D. to 2,525 students of the… In "News"