By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Headquarters of the Nigerian Army said it has arrested a Lance Corporal and taken him into custody in connection with the assault on two traffic wardens by men on military uniform at Ibadan, Oyo State. The Army Headquarters ordered immediate investigation to identify and arrest the culprits following the viral video of the assault making the rounds in the online media. According to the statement signed by the Director Army Public Relations, Brigadier General Onyema Nwachukwu, the preliminary investigation has shown that the unfortunate incident took place on Friday, 7 January, 2022 at Adeoye Road by Ring Road, Ibadan. It added that efforts are being made in collaboration with the Oyo State Command of the Nigerian Police Force to identify, locate and arrest the remaining culprits. The Nigerian Army said though investigation is still ongoing but it however dissociated itself from the very reprehensible conduct of the individuals seen in that video. Adding that the vicious attack on fellow security personnel or any unarmed citizens in the manner seen in the video is not consistent with the ethos and professionalism of the Nigerian Army and therefore stands condemned in very strong terms. “At the end of investigation, anyone found culpable in the sordid incident will be made to face the full wrath of the disciplinary provisions of the Nigerian Army, the statement stressed. Badagry (Lagos State)  - The youths in Badagry, Lagos State, on Friday violently protested the alleged killing of one Mr Joshua Sewuji by an unidentified policeman from the Badagry Police Division. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that protesters resorted to damaging and burning police posts and tyres on… In "Top Stories" The Nigerian Police Force has admitted killing an #EndSARS protester in Oyo. Police made the admission on Friday, revealing that the victim was one of the EndSARS protesters simply identified as Dada. He was shot dead in the Olomi Academy area of Ibadan, the Oyo State capital. The police explained… In "News" According to a report by SaharaReporters, the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) has berated the Nigerian Army for handing over students of Tai Solarin University of Education (TASUED) illegally arrested, to the Economic Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) in Ibadan, capital of Oyo State. SaharaReporters gathered that the students were… In "News"