The Imo State Police command said hoodlums attacked Ideato South Police Station with explosives on Thursday. The State Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, Micheal Abattam, confirmed this to newsmen in Owerri. The police said no life was lost, but that the attack caused some level of damages to the police buildings.Uzodimma fails to name ‘Sponsors of Imo Insecurity’ According to the Police, “On January 6, at about 2:30p.m., at Ideato South Police Station, some unknown gunmen came in their numbers, shooting sporadically, throwing Improvised Explosive Devices (IED) into the station. “The hoodlums were immediately repelled by the Command’s tactical teams and the police operatives of the division. “And in the ensuing gun duel, the hoodlums were overwhelmed by the superior fire power of the police, resulting in several of them fleeing into the bush with various degrees of bullet injuries. “However, no life or arms was lost and the detonated Improvised Explosive Devices (IED) only caused minimal damage. “Meanwhile, the Imo Commissioner of Police CP Rabiu Hussaini, commended the officers and men for their gallantry. “He called on members of the public, especially those residing in the community, to assist the police by availing them with credible information and to report any person seen treating bullet wounds or hiding within the community.” An inspector attached to Orsu Police station in Imo Police was killed on Thursday during a heavy bombardment during a gun duel with hoodlums. The hoodlums, who stormed the police station around 9.35pm, threw explosives and petrol bombs on the roofs of the police station, causing a fire outbreak which… In "News" By Our Correspondent Abuja (Sundiata Post) - There are indications that Mr Ibe Casmir, one of the five persons arrested by the police and alleged to have been responsible for burning police station in Imo State on Tuesday may be innocent after all. One Mr Princewill Ihekwoaba had on his… In "Top Stories" The Imo state police command has discosed that they were not aware of the meeting of Traditional Rulers in Njaba LGA before armed gunmen stormed the meeting venue and shot two monarchs on Tuesday, October 19. The command made this known in a statement signed by its spokesman CSP Mike… In "News"