ABUJA- Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, Tuesday, released his personal email address to the Nigerian public, urging them to avail him their opinion on the performance of the ministry under his watch.ADVERTISING In a brief statement issued yesterday, Amaechi wrote: “I am very grateful to President Muhammadu Buhari, GCFR, for the opportunity he has given me to serve the nation as the Minister of Transportation. READ ALSO:Police recover 109 anti-aircraft ammunition in Katsina “Our major focus as a Ministry has been the revamping of dilapidated railway and moribund maritime sector which are key means of transportation and major sources of revenue respectively. “However, we understand the need for appraisal and so desire to know from the citizenry how we have fared, being that we are accountable to you. “Therefore, your feedback on the performance of the Ministry thus far is important to us. We desire to know where you feel we have succeeded or are succeeding, where we should improve, and or where you feel we are failing or have failed. “It is our duty and desire to do better and keep improving. Kindly email me at chibuikeamaechi128@gmail.com. I will deeply appreciate this gesture,” the statement read. By Taiye Elebiyo-Edeni   Abuja   -      The Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi on Wednesday sought public opinions on his performance in the transportation sector. Amaechi disclosed this in a statement issued by his Media Aide, Mr Israel Ibeleme in Abuja. The Minister, however, appreciated President Muhammadu Buhari… In "News" •Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi The Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, has made a u-turn as the panel of enquiry he set up by to investigate an alleged shortfall in operating surpluses by the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) under the leadership of the suspended MD/CEO, Ms. Hadiza Bala-Usman, will now… In "Top Stories" Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, has met with the financing advisory unit for the construction of Kano-Maradi rail line, at the Nigerian Embassy, Berlin. In a statement by his Director of Press and Public Relations, Eric Ojiekwe, Amaechi said the meeting was to seek ways to speed-up the process and… In "Business"