Wife of the Senator representing Oyo Central in the National Assembly, Teslim Folarin, is dead.  The woman, Angela Nwaka Folarin, a lawyer, died at the age of 47. Senator Folarin’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, YSO Olaniyi, made this known in a terse statement on Friday. Sources close to the family said the death was sudden and unexpected. Olaniyi’s terse statement confirmed that: “With total submission to the will of Almighty Allah, we announce the death of our wife, mother and sister, Chief (Barr.) Angela Nwaka Folarin. “The wife of Oyo Central Senator was confirmed dead on Friday afternoon. She breathed her last in UK. “The deceased was hale and hearty until the angel of death knocked the door. “May Almighty God Comfort us and Grant Late Angela an eternal rest.” Senator Folarin is said to be very devastated. It is not yet known what the woman was doing in the UK but it not likely to be medical tourism since there was no indication of illhealth before the trip. Details shortly   THE Igbo community in Oyo State has officially declared support for the second term bid of President Goodluck Jonathan and all the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidates in the state, ahead of the forthcoming elections. This was made known during the community’s reunion ceremony at the Liberty Stadium, Ibadan. Speaking… In "News" Sen. Teslim Folarin (APC-Oyo Central), says good governance and responsive security are essential factors for national development. Folarin made the assertion in a lecture entitled: “The Challenges of Governance and Security in Nigeria” at the 2021 Lecture of University of Ibadan Alumni Association and Distinguished Alumnus Award in Ibadan. The… In "News" By Akeem Abas Ibadan - Sen Teslim Folarin(APC-Oyo Central) has commended former Gov. Adebayo Alao-Akala, who clocked 70 years on Wednesday, for his selfless commitment to the development of the state. In a statement issued by his media aide, Yekeen Olaniyi, and made available to newsmen on Wednesday in Ibadan,… In "News"