Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has charged members and leadership of the International Federation of Women Lawyers (FIDA) to always be at the forefront of advocacy on violence against women and the girl child in the society. Akeredolu spoke in Akure on Tuesday while receiving members of FIDA led by the State Chairperson, Catherine Ogunjebi, who were on a courtesy visit to his office. The governor called on women lawyers to address the menace of rape and other violence against women that had pervaded the society, He promised that his administration would continue to give priority to gender-based issues for betterment of the society. The governor urged the group to be at the forefront of advocacy against rising cases of violence against women and girl child; and other matters affecting women in the country, Akeredolu further encouraged FIDA to get more people involved in their stakeholders’ engagement for more positive impact. Earlier, Ogunjebi, appreciated the governor for signing Violence Against Persons Prohibition (VAPP) Law 2021, describing the development as a landmark victory for FIDA in the state and Nigeria as a whole …  Constitution Has Failed The Girl Child ! Says FIDA Abuja Abuja (Sundiata Post) - As the 16 days campaign against gender based violence continues to heat up, teenagers and preteens in Abuja have been urged to speak out against rape and other violent behaviours. Admonished never to assume the… In "News" ... Urges All States That Have Not Adopted VAPP ACT to Do so With Utmost Urgency ...Calls On Govt to Declare State of Emergency on Gender-based Violence ...Tasks Chief Judge in Different States to Designate a Special Fast Track Court to Handle Gender-Based Violence Matters ...Advocates for Establishment of a… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The 2019 International Federation of Women Lawyers (FIDA) Africa Regional Congress which started on the 11th of October came to a colorful end on 15th October, 2019 with a dinner and award night held at the Transcorp Hilton Hotel, Abuja. Earlier before the… In "Top Stories"