BY TONY ONYIMA In Igbo cosmology, names matter. A lot. Naming is a delicate enterprise in Igboland. It’s taken seriously by Ndigbo because of their strong belief that names are tied to one’s destiny. Like in most societies, names in Igboland are subject to religious, philosophical, social, psychological and linguistic interpretations.Take Ụgọchukwụ for instance. Ụgọ in Igbo means Eagle, the large bird of prey known for its domineering, strong-willed and independent nature. It symbolises excellence, honor, truth and loyalty. And when you add Chụkwụ (God) to the Ụgọ name, it accentuates its spiritual undertone. These are the spiritual and traditional meanings conferred on Ugo Onuoha, former managing director/editor-in-chief (of Champion Newspapers) at birth without his knowledge. Today, this Eagle (Ugo) lands in a new year and a new age. Don’t ask me his age but I know he has been admitted into the exclusive elders club. My prayer is that he does not land in any trouble this year. Good health and God’s protection must land in his hands. By the way, the popular saying – the Eagle has landed – is not original to me. It was first used by US astronaut Neil Armstrong in 1969 when the Eagle Lunar Lander landed in Moon for the first time and Neil triumphantly announced that the “Eagle has landed”. Idiomatically, the expression is commonly used to indicate that someone or something has arrived; successful completion of a mission (a cycle).And so has Ugo Onuoha, a fine journalist, distinguished editor and accomplished media administrator. May your days be long in good health. •Source: Facebook By Emeka Umeagbalasi There must be limits and restraints over ongoing and raging web or social media hostile responses or attacks against persons and institutions considered sacred, hallowed and ancient in Igbo Land. Such unwarranted and misguided attacks coming from the likes of my good friend-Ugo Harris Ukandu and our IPOB… In "Opinion" By Victor Okoye Abuja  -  Super Eagles stars Carl Ikeme and William Troost-Ekong as well as ex-Tottenham and Arsenal defender Sol Campbell, former England centre-back Rio Ferdinand and Premier League champions Leicester have all mourned the late Ugo Ehiogu. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that they all took… In "Sports" Let me acknowledge without any reservation whatsoever, that I am honored by the invitation to deliver this year’s convocation lecture from an outstanding institution named after the great Zik of Africa. In the course of this lecture, with the topic in mind, we shall hear a lot more about The… In "Opinion"