The Nigerian Army (NA) said on Thursday night that it has been notified of the activities of individuals and groups masquerading as civil rights organizations, whose activities have clearly endorsed the mindless criminalizes of proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and its armed affiliate, Eastern Security Network (ESN). A statement by Brig Gen Onyema Nwachukwu, Director Army Public Relations said, “This organization’s latest report is an attempt to incite the public against the Nigerian Army. The organization has tacitly encouraged anarchy in the region through spurious allegations. “Unmistakably, one of those so-called civil rights groups, International Society for Civil Liberties and Rule of Law, otherwise known as InterSociety, has an antecedent of making bogus and unsubstantiated claims, aimed at supporting the activities of outlawed groups in Southern Nigeria. “The latest in their propaganda effort is the baseless report, where it alleged that in 14 months, troops razed not less than 100 Igbo Communities, attacked not less than 1,000 dwelling houses belonging to unarmed civilians and destroyed property valued at not less than 40 Billions Naira. “The report also alleged that security operatives killed 1,150 innocent and defenceless ndigbos within the said period. “While the NA would not like to join issues with such organizations, which sympathize with the bloodletting and other heinous crimes going on in the region, it is instructive to state that the NA remains a cherished national institution that has fought at different fronts for the defence of the sovereignty and unity of Nigeria and would therefore not permit dissidents and their cohorts to undermine national security. “It is sacrosanct to reaffirm that the NA is a professional force that conducts its operations in line with global best practices and would not under any guise be involved in the suggestive extra judicial killings and such wanton abuse of the fundamental human rights of the citizenry, as alleged by InterSociety. “More worrisome is the fact that organizations such as InterSociety turn their eyes the other way, when outlawed groups like IPOB/ESN forcefully deny law abiding citizens their inalienable rights to freedom of movement through their illegal sit-at-home order. “These organizations and their likes are advised to re-channel their concerns to the crimes committed by these criminals, who abduct, torture, maim kill and cannibalize their traditional rulers, fellow ndigbos and other innocent Nigerians under the guise of struggle for ’emancipation’. “For emphasis, the NA remains a professional force that adheres to extant rules of engagement and code of conduct for operations. “The general public and indeed the good people of South East Nigeria are urged to please disregard these unfounded allegations emanating from the propaganda arm of dissident groups in the toga of Civil Society organization.” 2016 Anambra Biafra Killing: Intersociety Uncovers Sinister Motive of Osinbajo's Army Right Commission and Obiano's Open Letter In "News" ABUJA - Civil rights advocacy group, the Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria (HURIWA), has petitioned the office of Chief of Army Staff, Lt Gen Tukur Yusuf Buratai, over serious allegations of sexual molestation of girls in Aba, Abia State, and the alleged use of brute force on civilians. The… In "News" The Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Tukur Buratai, on Monday dared human rights activists, who had threatened to drag him and other officers and soldiers of the Nigerian Army to the International Criminal Court. Buratai, who stated this while addressing principal staff officers, general officers commanding and field… In "News"