The Senate Minority Leader and Senator representing Abia South, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe, has said that he is viewed in many quarters as a Senator for the entire state and, indeed, Ndigbo. Senator Abaribe stated this on Tuesday during inspection tour of some of the projects he attracted to his constituency. He said that some of his projects were sited outside his district. “Although I represent Abia South, some of my projects are in Abia North and Abia Central,” he said.READ ALSO: Abaribe declares interest for 2023 guber election in Abia The former Deputy Governor who enumerated the qualities of a good leader to include “character, competence and courage”, regretted that these virtues were lacking in most of those in leadership positions. Senator Abaribe, who said he had donated over 200 transformers to different communites in his constituency, promised not to relent in his intervention projects. He explained that it is not part of lawmakers’ mandate to execute projects but to make laws and speak up for their constituents. The Senate Minority Leader however said he had attracted a number of intervention projects to better the lots of his constituents.The projects Some of the projects at different levels of completion inspected by Abaribe include Umugo Road in Ugwunagbo, Chief Ubani Road in Aba, Akalana Road in Aba, and Unity Road to Ogwo Road all in Aba South, which lead to tailoring hub in Aba. Others include Eugene Road, Umuokahia to Umuola Road in Obingwa/Aba North LGAs, Abayi to Ohuru Road in Obingwa LGA, and rural electrification from Ovum in Obingwa to Ukwa East that has been in darkness for years now. He also inuagurated solar-powered grid and 20KVA generating sets at General Hospital Onicha Ngwa in Obingwa, and SDA Hospital Aba. Senator Abaribe also inspected the ongoing construction of Mini Sports Stadium at Ahiaba High School; and the renovation of Ohuru Primary School in Obingwa. He expressed satisfaction at the level of work at the project sites and promised to be “on the neck of the contractors until they deliver”. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former Secretary to the Government of the Federation and former Senate President, Anyim Pius Anyim has eulogised Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe on the ocassion of his 66th birthday. Senator Anyim who said he wishes to be like Senator Abaribe, highlighted that he first know… In "Top Stories" The South East Senate caucus may have concluded arrangements to hold a crucial meeting over the approval of $22.7 billion loan request for Federal Government, The Nation learnt Monday. The Senate on Thursday March 5th, 2020 approved the 2016-2018 external borrowing plan of the Federal Government. Part of the borrowing… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate Minority Whip, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe has accused President Muhammadu Buhari of motivating insecurity in Nigeria. The senator representing Abia south senatorial district stated this on sunday in an interview on African Independent Television (AIT) program "The Signature Show ". Senator Abaribe… In "Top Stories"