ABUJA – The Federal High Court sitting in Abuja, on Tuesday, adjourned further proceedings in the case against the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, till Wednesday, Vanguard reports The adjournment followed Kanu’s complaint that the Federal Government failed to promptly serve him the fresh 15-count amended charge it brought before the court. Kanu, through is team of lawyers led by a Senior Advocate of Nigeria, Chief Mike Ozekhome, further accused FG of denying him the necessary facility to defend the charge against him. Ozekhome, SAN, told the court that the amended charge was served on them, barely 24 hours to the scheduled hearing. “My lord, the proposed amended charge was served on us yesterday evening. As I speak to you my lord, the Defendant who was just brought in, has not even seen the charge which he is being told to enter his plea. “With due respect, that is not Justice. It is ambushing. I know that the Administration if Criminal Justice Act, ACJA, allows them to amend, but this is the 6th amendment they are making, and each time they do it, they serve us a day to the hearing, just to frustrate the trial”, Ozekhome added. On his part, the Prosecution team, led by Mr. Mohammed Labaran from the Federal Ministry of Justice, said he was not opposed to the court granting a short adjournment to enable the defence lawyers to study the charge. Meanwhile, before adjourning the case till Wednesday, trial Justice Binta Nyako, ordered the Department of State Services, DSS, to allow Kanu to have a change of cloth. “I don’t want to see him in this cloth again. This one is almost off-white. Also make sure that you allow him to exercise”, Justice Nyako added. The Federal High Court sitting in Abuja has ordered the Department of State Services (DSS) to allow the leader of the proscribed IPOB group, Nnamdi Kanu to have maximum possible comfort while in their custody. The trial judge Justice Binta Nyako who gave the order on Thursday also ordered the… In "News" •Mike Ozekhome (left) in Federal High Court on 18th January, 2022. With him are Ifeanyi Ejiofor and other lawyers ABUJA - Foremost constitutional lawyer and human rights activist, Chief Mike Ozekhome, SAN, on Monday, stated the reason why he took over headship of defence team of the detained leader of… In "Top Stories" Ifeanyi Ejiofor, lead counsel to the embattled leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu, has asked the Federal Government and others to expect “legal fireworks” on Thursday. He also said the IPOB legal team is “eminently prepared”.He said this while reacting to the amended charges by the Federal… In "Features"