GUSAU – Thirty students and a teacher of the Federal Government College, Birnin Yauri in Kebbi State kidnapped by terrorists have regained their freedom. The students had been in captivity since June last year after their school was attacked by the bandits. They arrived Birnin Kebbi, Kebbi State capital yesterday after they were released by their abductors. A statement by the media aide to Governor Abubakar Atiku Bagudu, Malam Yahaya Sarki said they would undergo medical screening and other supports before they would be re-united with their families. It would be recalled that 30 of the students were released in October last year and brought to Birnin Kebbi to be reunited with their families.bThis is in addition to some them that were earlier released to their parents having escaped from the bandits hideouts. The state government in the statement commended security agencies in the state and those who had helped in securing their release. It also congratulated and applauded the effort of President Muhammadu Buhari for the release of the FGC students. Abuja - Twenty-eight pupils and two teachers of the Federal Government College, Birnin Yauri in Kebbi state who were abducted have been released from bandits den. The victims who were abducted four months ago by gunmen who overpowered security men on guard at the school located in the remote community… In "Top Stories" The total number of students being held by bandits has increased to 348 with the latest abduction of 121 students in Kaduna State. Out of the 348 students, three categories numbering 227 are still languishing in bandits’ dens, many weeks after they were abducted from their schools in Niger, Kebbi… In "News" Bandits struck in Kebbi State again on Thursday when they kidnapped scores of students and four others at the Federal Government College Birnin Yauri. A teacher in the school, who spoke to The PUNCH on condition of anonymity, said most of the kidnapped students were in the Senior Secondary School… In "News"