Liverpool announced Friday they had reopened their first-team training centre after a 48-hour closure following a “significant” coronavirus outbreak among players and staff.  Assistant manager Peter Krawietz is preparing the side for Sunday’s FA Cup third-round tie at home to third-tier Shrewsbury. As the shutdown affected only the first-team area of the complex, Liverpool’s youth teams have been able to continue training, with a number of the under-23s expected to feature against the League One side. Manager Jurgen Klopp and players Alisson Becker, Joel Matip and Roberto Firmino will have ended their Covid-19 isolation periods by the weekend, although it has yet to be confirmed whether any will be present at Anfield for the match. Klopp’s other assistant manager, Pep Lijnders, is still absent after testing positive on Tuesday, with a number of other players and staff also remaining in isolation. Thursday’s League Cup semi-final first leg at Arsenal was postponed after Covid infections left Liverpool short of players. AFP Liverpool closed their training ground on Wednesday after “multiple new” coronavirus cases including a positive test result for assistant manager Pep Lijnders, throwing their League Cup semi-final at Arsenal into further doubt. Manager Jurgen Klopp and three players — Alisson Becker, Joel Matip and Roberto Firmino — were already isolating… In "News" Liverpool boss Juergen Klopp has said his team will be “on fire” for the Champions League final in Kiev as they look to stop an experience Real Madrid side from winning a third consecutive European title The Merseyside club will feature in their eighth European Cup final on May 26… In "Sports" Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has tested positive for coronavirus and the club's game against Brighton on Saturday has been postponed. The Gunners have closed their training ground and club staff who had recent contact with Arteta will now self-isolate. The Premier League will hold "an emergency club meeting" on Friday… In "Sports"