By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Ogoni group on Friday got a boost from the Chartered Institute of Leadership and Governance in the United States of America to partner and train over 500 youths across the Niger Delta region. The group, the Ogoni Libration Initiative (OLI), under the leadership of it’s president, Dr. Fabeke Douglas will commence the exercise in February, a letter from the American institute confirms. The confirmation letter signed by the President of the Institute, Prof. Ashraf Elsayed Mohamed informed that the training will center on “youth leadership in government and conflict resolution”. According to him: “We are confident that your association will add value to our avowed objective of developing 20,000 youths in Leadership and Governance in Nigeria in 2022. “We shall provide the training, training materials soft copies and certificate of participation to all the participants at agreed fee for the 500 participants”, Mohamed said. Our correspondent reports that the OLI has been involved in youth empowerment programme and development in the Niger Delta region for close to two decades. By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - No fewer than 150, Ogoni youths will soon depart Nigeria to Turkey for training and empowerment programme aimed at improving their living standard. This success is powered by the Ogoni Liberation Initiative (OLI), in partnership with a Turkish based Non-governmental Organisation otherwise called… In "Top Stories" By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Youths in Ogoni land are now focusing on making an impact beyond the oil sector with the help of the Ogoni Liberation Initiative (OLI), who has engaged them on solar energy production in partnership with Green Energy Revolution. Dr. Douglas Fabeke, the President… In "Top Stories" By Ayo Akanni ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Special Adviser to the President on Niger Delta and Coordinator, Presidential Amnesty Programme, Prof. Charles Dokubo, at the weekend, expressed optimism that training in the film industry will open a vista of opportunities for beneficiaries of the programme. He said the Amnesty Office… In "Entertainment"