Manchester United football club has suspended 20 year old star player, Mason Greenwood  and he has been arrested by police after his model girlfriend shared bloodied photos alleging he assaulted her. Greenwood was arrested on suspicion of rape and assault hours after being accused of domestic violence. Police confirmed the 20-year-old striker remains in custody over the allegations which came to light in a series of graphic Instagram posts. His girlfriend, Harriet Robson shared photos of her bloodied face, laps and body alleging Greenwood inflicted the injuries on her A picture showed her eyes filled with tears and what appeared to be a black mark on the ceiling behind her. She also posted videos on Instagram of a huge cut on her lip as well as bruises across her legs and hip. The couple have been together since Greenwood’s days in high school . The club has now issued a statement on Sunday afternoon, January 30, statung that Greenwood will not play or train with the team while the investigation into the series of Instagram posts continues. The club statement comes after the girl’s father said she was ‘completely devastated’ over the photos because the Manchester United star ‘has been part of our family for two or three years’. He said: ‘The first thing we knew about this was at 6am this morning. It is dreadful. I’m just coming to terms with it all. As a father you don’t want to know things like that happening to your daughter. The police have been round and she has made a statement to them. He added: ‘She is completely devastated by it all.’ Two police officers were spotted at the girl’s family home in Stockport, Greater Manchester, on Sunday and took her statement. Manchester United said it was aware of the allegations, police said they are looking into it while Greenwood’s sponsor Nike said the company was ‘deeply concerned’. Manchester United said: ‘Mason Greenwood will not return to training or play matches until further notice.’ Greenwood joined Manchester United at the age of six and progressed through the academy ranks.He made his first start in 2019 and became Man Utd’s youngest ever goal scorer in a European competition at the age of 17 years and 353 days against Astana. The forward has since clocked 129 appearances for the Red Devils, netting 22 goals. Greenwood also represented England several times as an under-17 and under-21 before being named in the England senior squad in August 2020. He is the fifth most valuable player in Europe at £119million.      •Manchester United youngster Mason Greenwood  Manchester United youngster Mason Greenwood rose to the top of the trends on Sunday, January 30, 2022, after an altercation with his girlfriend Harriet Robson. Harriet Robson took to social media accusing the England international of physical violence. In several posts on her official Instagram… In "News" Manchester (UK) - Manchester United kept alive their hopes of finishing in the English Premier League (EPL) top four after a 3-0 home win over Watford on Sunday. Goals from Bruno Fernandes, Anthony Martial and Mason Greenwood secured the win for the former champions. Portugal midfielder Fernandes scored his first… In "Sports" Manchester (UK) - Paul Pogba’s return to Manchester United’s first team has been delayed after the French midfielder fell ill, manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer said on Tuesday. The 26-year-old Pogba has only played six times this season after suffering an ankle injury in September. Solskjaer is hopeful Pogba will be… In "Sports"