The leadership of the All Progressives Congress may have decided to zone the National Secretary position of the APC to the South-East while the North-Central will get the chairmanship of the party.  The deputy national chairman (South) is expected to go to the South-South, The PUNCH has learnt. A top chieftain of the APC revealed this to The PUNCH even as he stated that the party would be alternating certain positions. He said positions that were occupied by northerners in the last National Working Committee would be given to southerners and vice versa. The chieftain said, “Discussions are ongoing. So far, we have agreed that the North-Central will take the national chairmanship position while the South-South will take the national deputy chairman (South) and then the South-East will get the national secretary position. “Also, the plan is that all positions that the North occupied in the last NWC will now be occupied by the South. Of course, everyone who wants to contest has the right to do so but this is the plan for now. Other positions will be determined in due course.” The APC is also expected to set up sub-committees that will handle several aspects of the convention ranging from publicity to budget, security and logistics. The members of the caretaker committee met in Abuja on Tuesday but had yet to finalise discussions and agreed to meet again on Wednesday. Earlier on Tuesday, the Chairman, Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee and Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni, announced that the APC national convention will hold on February 26, 2022. Buni, who stated this on Tuesday while delivering his keynote address at the Progressives Women Congress held in Abuja declined stating the venue of the convention. In his message to delegates, Buni urged women to gun for public offices saying the APC is the most friendly women party in Nigeria. He said, “You remain the best mobilisers of support to any political party and its candidates. You have always been there in the queue on election days to determine the fate of candidates. With this, we are confident of winning the 2023 general elections with huge success. “Let me assure you that the party shall not forget this gesture by supporting women and youths for their political aspirations and to realise their political dreams. “We look forward to having more women contesting in the forthcoming national convention of the party on February 26, 2022, and the general elections.” He urged women to enlighten their relatives and the larger society that elections are not do or die affair “As we approach the convention, and draw closer to the general elections, I wish to remind you of your Progressives roles and supporting progressive minded leaders aspiring for various offices for the betterment of our country. “We should promote peaceful elections and service delivery against personal gains. Let me once again assure, that APC will continue to support you and support you generously,” Buni said. In her remarks, the President’s wife, Aisha Buhari, said as the country welcomes another election year, leaders must go beyond paying lip service to putting women in vital offices within our party and the government. She said, “Since 2015, I have had the privilege of engaging Nigerian women across the entire country. My conviction is that Nigeria’s future is entirely dependent on actualizing the potentials of our women. It is no mere coincidence that countries that have grown strong, prosperous and influential have prioritized women participation in nation building. “I therefore wish to call upon the APC to double its efforts promoting women. This I believe should serve as one of the objectives of this Conference. As Nigeria heads towards another election year, we must go beyond paying lip service to putting women in vital offices within our party and the government. “We must put in place, workable strategies to ensure that this actually happens. Charity must begin at home and so the APC must start by ensuring that women occupy strategic offices within the party and more strategic roles in governance.” Aisha called upon Nigerian women to continue the struggle by showing greater interest, commitment and unity in the decision making process of this country saying “Our vantage point lies in our sheer numerical strength.” In a related development, the APC has released its timetable for concurrent legislative by-elections in Cross River, Imo, Ondo, Plateau states in accordance with the provisions of the Electoral Act 2010 (as amended) and the Independent National Electoral Commission’s guidelines. The APC’s approved timetable/schedule of activities for the concurrent Legislative by-elections was signed by the National Secretary, APC Caretaker Committee, Senator John Akpanudoedehe. The by-elections will hold in Akure North/Akure South Federal Constituency, Ondo State; Jos North/Bassa Federal Constituency, Plateau; and Pankshin South State Constituency, Plateau. Others are Ogoja/Yala Federal Constituency, Cross River; Akpabuyo State Constituency, Cross River; and Ngor-Okpala State Constituency, Imo. The notice of election to the state chapters was made on Tuesday. The sale of forms began on the same day while the deadline for submission January 24. The screening of aspirants is January 26 while the publication of claims and objections is January 28. The primaries are expected to take place on February 1, 2022 while appeals will begin on February 3. The expression of interest and nomination forms for the House of Representatives positions cost N3, 850, 000. For the State House of Assembly positions, the forms cost N850, 000. Female spirants and physically challenged aspirants 50 per cent of the prescribed fees for each positions.  Source Abuja - Peoples Democratic Party stalwarts in the South-West have rejected the option of consensus in filling the national positions zoned to the region. The most contentious of the positions, which party leaders have tried but failed to reach an agreement on, is the seat of Deputy National Chairman (South).… In "Top Stories" Ahead the national convention of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) tentatively scheduled to hold next month, there are strong indications that a fresh crisis may rock the South-West zone of the party over who should be the next national chairman of the troubled party, Punch reports. With leaders of the… In "Top Stories" The Peoples Democratic Party may zone its national chairmanship position to the South-West, The PUNCH has learnt. The recommendation to zone the position to the South-West was contained in a leaked working document prepared by the party’s 44-member National Convention Committee on Zoning. The committee recommended the position of secretary… In "Politics"