 BY SUNNY IGBOANUGO Not a Kobo will be spent on my inauguration. My official car will be Innoson. My clothes will be Akwete. Made in Igboland.They ring like sweet music in my ears. This is what I’ve been praying for. This complete revolution – complete departure from Obiano’s uncontrolled binging and debauchery. But I hope Chukwuma Soludo knows the danger strewn in the part he’s treading. He should watch it. What he eats or drinks must be a priority from hence.He’s taking food out of the mouth of the hawks. He should remember that Ngige was almost killed for refusing to part with N5billion monthly to his godfathers. He should remember that Obi was impeached for saving money for projects instead of sharing with vested interests including House members. Above all, he should remember Thomas Sankara! I hope he has all the angles covered. The hawks which had gathered waiting to devour the kill will not take this kindly and will come fighting.But they will be defeated as they were defeated in the past. But Odenigbo, Charlie Nwa Mgbafo must be alive to win the battle. May God be with him! •Source: Facebook •Prof Chukwuma Soludo, APGA candidate By Lucy Osuizigbo-Okechukwu AGUATA (Anambra State) - Prof. Chukwuma Soludo, Governorship Candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), has expressed shock over the technology breakdown of the Bimodal Verification Accreditation (BVA) system. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has been experiencing technical challenges in… In "Top Stories" •Prof Chukwuma Soludo, Anambra State governor-elect At face value, the Anambra State governorship election 2021 is over, but the lessons have far broader implications that will endure. Beyond these lessons of what is considered the most consequential election in 2021, is the management of the people's expectations and the governor-elect's… In "Column - Monday" Prof. Chukwuma Soludo, Governorship Candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) in Anambra, says he will produce one thousand millionaires yearly if elected.He made the pledge at the official flag off of his campaign in Awka on Saturday, ahead of the Anambra Nov. 6 governorship election.The News Agency of… In "News"