Troops foiled an attempt by bandits to abduct the Managing Director of Zamfara State Transport Authority (Mass Transit) Alhaji Aminu Adamu Papa and his family members on Saturday night.  A neighbour confirmed the attack which took place in Mareri Community, an outskirt of Gusau, Zamfara state’s capital. The neighbor who revealed that the heavily armed bandits invaded the community around 11:30 pm on Saturday night and started shooting sporadically, told Channels Television that they went straight to Papa’s house and engaged the security operatives stationed there in a gun duel before overpowering the two policemen and disarming them. Soldiers and local vigilantes were quickly mobilised, and they quickly engaged the bandits with serious gunfire. This forced the bandits to release the abducted family members. He said; “Papa and his four family members were abducted, but thank God that Soldiers and local vigilantes were quickly mobilised, they quickly engaged the bandits with serious gunfire. “The security forces went after them and killed six of the bandits including two females among them, others escaped and left the man with a gunshot wound in his leg.” The source thanked the troops and local vigilantes for their prompt response, noting that it was not the first time the bandits will invade the community. The source added; “We are living in fear, my house fence is marked with bullet shots, I and my entire family could not sleep.”  Source By Abubakar Ahmed Gusau -   No fewer than six persons including a police corporal were on Friday killed by bandits in Gurbin Bore village, Zurmi Local Government Area of Zamfara State, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. Confirming the incident to NAN in Gusau on Saturday, the Police… In "News" By Habibu Harisu   Sokoto   -     Sokoto State Police Command on Monday confirmed eight deaths in a clash that ensued between armed bandits and local vigilante members in Isa Local Government Area of Sokoto State. The Command’s Public Relations Officer, DSP Cordelia Nwawe, told newsmen that at… In "News" …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories"