The Zamfara House of Assembly has lauded security agencies in the state for repelling gunmen attacks in the Mareri area of Gusau metropolis.  The commendation is contained in a statement in Gusau on Tuesday by the Assembly’s Director-General, Press Affairs, and Public Relations, Mustafa Jafaru-Kaura. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that gunmen on Saturday invaded the Mareri area in Gusau metropolis and kidnapped the managing director, Zamfara Transport Authority, Aminu Papa and some members of his family. The abducted persons were later rescued by joint security operatives and repelled further attacks in the area. In the statement, the Speaker, Nasiru Magarya, also sympathised with the people of Anka and Bukkuyum local government areas over the recent attacks in some villages in the two LGAs. “We commend the efforts of security agencies and some gallant vigilante groups for repelling an attack in Mareri area and successful rescue of the kidnapped victims. “Assembly assures of a robust plenary and credible legislation that will centre on improving security situation,” he said. The house officially opened for the 2021/2022 legislative session that will last for five months in line with the provisions of Section 92 of the 1999 Constitution. (NAN) The Zamfara Police Command yesterday confirmed the abduction of the father and stepmother of Speaker of the state House of Assembly, Alhaji Nasiru Magarya. Police spokesman Muhammad Shehu confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Gusau. Read Also: Gunmen kill six in Kaduna, raze eight houses… In "News" By Ishaq Zaki Gusau (Zamfara state) -  The newly appointed Police Commissioner of Zamfara, Mr Kenneth Ebrimson has assumed duty. Ebrimson,was formerly from the special duties of the force headquarters and he replaced the former commissioner, Alhaji Shaba Alkali who had been redeployed to the Force headquarters, Abuja. A statement… In "Metro" By Ishaq Zaki Gusau -  Barely one week after the killing of 26 people in a community in Zamfara, gunmen have again hit another village in the state, killing 15 people. The Public Relations Officer of the Zamfara State Police Command, DSP. Muhammad Shehu, told the News Agency of Nigeria… In "News"