By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – A Billionaire businessman in the Pipe manufacturering industry has urged President Mohammedu Buhari to role out programmes that will revitalize the economy in 2022. The businessman, Amb. Nelson Mkparu, said only a revamped economy will end insecurity, banditry and other societal ills ravaging the country. Mkparu in his New Year message Saturday, also called on Nigerians to continue to demonstrate the principles of oneness and togetherness and fight hard to resist efforts to cause disunity or disharmony in the country. According to him, “The year 2021 was without a doubt one of the most challenging years in living memory not only in Nigeria but indeed across the world due to the COVID-19 pandemic”, he said. Mkparu who is the CEO, NELMACO Group, also commended individuals, corporate organizations, government agencies and non-governmental organizations who, despite the challenging times, has continued to provide palliatives and other forms of support to the more vulnerable members of the society. He also lauded the Nigerian President, Mohammadu Buhari, the Vice President, Prof. Yemi Osibanjo and the Federal Executive Council for their tireless efforts in ensuring that the country remain together. “I wish the Presidency and the entire Nigerians, a prosperous New Year”, he said. By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - An Anambra stakeholder and businessman has advised the people of the State to shun thuggery and violence during the November 6 governorship election. The Industrialist who hailed from Osumenyi in Nnewi South Local Government Area of Anambra State, said youths should not allow… In "Top Stories" By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A giant pipe manufacturer in Nigeria has tasked President Mohammedu Buahri to strengthen the unity of Nigeria as well as spur security agencies to step up their game in protecting lives and properties. The Jos billionaire businessman, also called on Governor Simon Lalong… In "Top Stories" By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A billionaire businessman who hail from Osumenyi community in Nnewi South Local Government Area of Anambra State, Amb. Nelson Mkparu has congratulated the state governor – elect, Professor Chukwuma Soludo on his victory in the last governorship election. Mkparu who is a giant… In "Politics"