By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lieutenant General Faruk Yahaya on Wednesday commissioned the Nigerian Army Cyber Warfare Command (NACWC) Off Grid Solar Farm. The Army Chief also harped on the need for continuous capacity development amongst personnel of the Nigerian Army. Adding that this is necessary in line with his vision to adequately and timely confront the security challenges bedeviling the nation. According to the statement signed by the Director Army Public Relations, Brigadier General Onyema Nwachukwu, the COAS stated this during his maiden visit to the Command at Giri, Abuja. While noting that the adversaries have also extended their nefarious activities to the cyber domain, the COAS emphasized that for the Command to effectively achieve its mandate, there was need for alternative power source, hence the execution of the project. The COAS expressed satisfaction with the project and seized the opportunity to communicate with troops in the North East theatre of operations, through their Command and Control Centres. He commended them for their resilience and doggedness in the ongoing counter terrorism and counter insurgency operations. Earlier, Major General Abubakar Adamu expressed appreciation to the COAS for his support to the command, particularly for the timely provision of funds for the completion of the Solar Farm. This he said, has boosted the morale of the personnel and will further enhance the operational capability of the command. By Stanley Nwanosike   Enugu -   The Nigerian Army says it has inaugurated four solar-powered water projects in different settlements in Obetitu autonomous community in Mbaise Local Government Area of Imo State. Col. Sagir Musa, Deputy Director of 82 Division of Nigerian Army, said in a statement on Saturday… In "News" Abuja -  The Nigerian Army on Tuesday reiterated its commitment to continue to protect the territorial integrity of the country. The Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai, made the statement at the 2016 Regimental Sergeant Majors (RSMs) Convention at the Army Resource Centre, Abuja. The theme of this… In "Metro" By Sumaila Ogbaje ABUJA - The Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt.-Gen. Faruk Yahaya, has granted automatic promotion to 19NA/782148 Pte Jamilu Mohammed, for display of professionalism in military skills at the regimental Quarter Guard. Brig.-Gen. Onyema Nwachukwu, Director, Army Public Relations, said in a statement on Monday, that the… In "News"