According to a report by Daily Trust, Aisha Umar, a female Internally Displaced Person (IDP) in Borno State, has taken her life after allegedly being raped by an official of an International Non-Governmental Organisation (name withheld).  The deceased, who was into menial jobs for survival, was reportedly lured to the apartment of the suspect at 303 Housing Estate, near Dalori IDP camp, Maiduguri, under the guise of cleaning the place. The suspect identified as Huzaif Adam, 35, was said to have forcefully had sex with her when she came into his apartment. According to a source, the victim’s cry for help attracted neighbours to Adam’s apartment, but he had already raped her by then. The neighbours were said to have forced his door open. The source said the victim, who was traumatised rushed to Adam’s kitchen where she picked up a knife that she used to stab herself. She died moments later at the hospital. A police officer, who confirmed the incident to Daily Trust, said the suspect was detained at Gwange Division of Borno Police Command after his arrest but he was later transferred to the State Criminal Investigation Department (SCID). “We arrested the perpetrator but he has now been transferred to the SCID. His case file is in Gwange Divisional of Police,” the officer said. Executive Director Women in the New Nigeria and Youth Empowerment initiative, Comrade Lucy D Yunana, said she visited both Gwange Police Station and University of Maiduguri to ascertain the incident. “I was contacted via my office and I called Commissioner of Sport after. The incident happened around our Area 303/202 EFCC area. I saw the perpetrator and interviewed him, and also saw the corpse of the innocent girl at the University of Maiduguri Teaching Hospital (UMTH). It’s a really sad incident; justice should be served. “The girl was crying and quoted as saying, ‘Why would you do this to me?’ Instead of bringing shame to my parents after disflowering me, I rather die than go home.”  Source By Usman A. Bello  Maternal child health building of the Irrua Specialist Hospital where the 12-year-old is receiving treatment BENIN - The story of the 12-year-old girl who was serially abused sexually from age 8 by a pastor, native doctor and her neighbour is as pathetic as it’s heart-rending.  Last… In "Metro" HADEJIA (JIGAWA) - Some persons displaced as a result of the Boko Haram insurgency, have resorted to begging in major streets of Hadejia town in Jigawa, to fend for themselves. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs), comprising of women and children, roam the… In "News" By Rasaq Ibrahim, Ado Ekiti A yet-to-be-identified commercial motorcyclist popularly called ‘Okada rider’ on Thursday allegedly raped a middle-aged woman, Mrs Bukola Olarewaju to death in Ado-Ekiti, Ekiti State capital. The suspect was alleged to have broken into the woman’s room located at Olorunda area of the state capital with… In "Metro"