President Muhammadu Buhari has joined the entertainment industry practitioners and other Nigerians in sharing the joyous occasion of 70th birthday anniversary of renowned songwriter, singer and journalist, Onyeka Onwenu. In a statement by his spokesman, Mr Femi Adesina, on Sunday in Abuja, the president congratulated the multiple award-winning artiste and actress for ”leading a life that keeps inspiring both the old and young”. He affirmed that Onwenu’s creativity, sincerity of purpose and diligence had continued to bring glory to the country. Buhari noted that Onwenu,  as an  NTA presenter and reporter, caught the world’s attention by putting a spotlight on corruption in the 80’s  and releasing songs with great social and moral impact. Buhari felicitated Onwenu,  a former Executive Director/Chief Executive Officer of National Centre for Women Development and Chairperson of Imo State Council for Arts and Culture, for fresh ideas and institutional reforms she brought into public service. He also lauded her for passionately creating and pursuing a vision for a better life for many. The president said that Onwenu’s many recognitions and awards at home and abroad were well-deserved, noting that she directed her energy into global movies with historic contexts. The president also noted that Onwenu  directed her energy into sharing  the gospel of Jesus Christ. He  prayed that the Almighty God would continue to bless Onwenu, the singer  of “One Love’’, who is also known as the Elegant Stallion, with long life and good health ABUJA - Ms Onyeka Onwenu, the Director-General, National Centre for Women Development (NCWD), on Friday urged President Muhammadu Buhari and his wife, Aisha to be promoters and advocates of child rights. Onwenu, a famous Nigerian artiste, gave the advice in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in… In "News" Ms Onyeka Onwenu, the Director-General, National Centre for Women Development (NCWD), on Friday urged President Muhammadu Buhari and his wife, Aisha to be promoters and advocates of child rights. Onwenu, a famous Nigerian artiste, gave the advice in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja.  … In "News" Lagos -  Veteran musician, Onyeka Onwenu, has denied reports that she had a shouting match with Nollywood actress, Patience Ozokwor, over access to the Presidential Villa. Onyeka described the online media report as a ``lie from the pits of hell’’, adding that it was concocted to tarnish her image. The… In "Top Stories"