According to a report by SaharaReporters, a high court sitting in Abuja has ordered the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission to pay Chairman of Nigerian Bar Association Section on Public Interest and Development Law, NBA-SPIDEL, Dr Monday Ubani, N12million over his illegal arrest and detention for 20 days in 2019.  Ubani was arrested and detained by the EFCC on March 19, 2019 along with Senator Christopher Enai for failing to produce the former Managing Director of Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund, Mrs Ngozi Olejeme, who they both stood for as sureties. Ubani had maintained innocence over Olejeme’s disappearance, insisting that she absconded after the EFCC raided her home. He also stated that his decision to stand surety for Olejeme was because he compelled her to return to Nigeria to face the charges against her and all effort to secure her bail was frustrated by the EFCC. Despite Ubani’s explanation, the EFCC arrested and detained him for 20 days. He subsequently filed an action before the FCT High Court seeking N5billion exemplary and aggravated damages for the violation of his rights. Delivering judgment in the suit on Wednesday, Justice Sylvanus Oriji declared Ubani’s arrest and subsequent detention for 20 days as illegal and a violation of his right. The judge further ordered the EFCC to pay him N12million as damages. The judge, however, refused to order the EFCC to offer a public apology for the illegal detention.  Source ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A group of lawyers under the aegis of 'Otu Oka Iwu' (Law Society) has urged the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to release a lawyer, Mr. Monday Ubani, who it said has been held in violation of a court order.In a statement made available to… In "Top Stories" •Ibrahim Magu Mr. Monday Ubani, former vice president of the  Nigerian Bar Association,  has taken a swipe at disgraced former acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Mr. Ibrahim Magu, describing his tenure at the anti-graft agency as “lawless, clueless and brash!” The bar leader in a… In "Top Stories" By Alexandra Oladipo Abuja - The FCT  High  Court, Apo, on Tuesday  ordered the Economic And Financial Crime Commission (EFCC) to charge an Abuja-based lawyer, Monday Ubani and a former Senator, Christopher Enai to court or release them on bail on or before March, 28. Justice Silvanus Oriji , gave… In "Metro"