BY ABRAHAM JONAH, Managing Editor, Middle East Operations DUBAI, UAE – Honour has really been given to whom it’s due, as a today’s design thinking expert, business administrator, leadership trainer and university management executive, Prof Christopher Abraham has recently been conferred with the prestigious title of Knighthood of Parte Guelfa in Italy. Dr. Christopher Abraham, who doubles as Professor and Head of Dubai Campus at SP Jain School of Global Management, one of the best universities in the Middle East, was honoured with the award at the Santa Croce Basilica in Florence, Italy. Dr. Christopher who personally informed Sundiata Post’s Middle East Managing Editor upon his conferment, said he is really “humbled and honored to be conferred as the Knight of Parte Guelfa in a prestigious ceremony at the Santa Croce Basilica, Florence, Italy”. Talking about the level of this honour, Christopher said “The honour was to represent India on the global stage with reference to the environment and ecology”. Being privileged to train along with Dr. Christopher in recent executive workshops makes me to know more about his level of communicating leadership at private and public levels, and have no doubt about his abilities and nomination to represent the entire Indian nation. He further added that he “had a great opportunity to share the unique symbiotic connection between humanity, nature and our planet. According to SP Jain’s X-ray of his background and profile, Dr. Christopher Abraham has 34 years of experience in management consulting, marketing and management education in India, Singapore and the UAE. He has three postgraduate qualifications in HRM, Business Administration (Marketing) and Labour & Administrative Law, and a PhD in Business Administration (Design Thinking & Innovation). He is a Certified Design Thinker from IDEO/Stanford and a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Marketing (FCIM), UK. Dr Abraham is a 3-time TEDx speaker and an international keynote speaker. He has successfully presented at numerous global forums and conducted many consulting and executive development assignments for leading global organisations. From Abraham Jonah, Managing Editor, Middle East Operations The recently concluded 2018 International Conference on Business and Economics (ICBE2018) and the 14th International Conference of Korea Distribution Science Association (KODISA) and Allied Academies held in June 25-27, 2018, Seoul, South Korea was one of such platforms where researchers whose abstracts… In "Features" ABUJA, (Sundiata Post) -  Sundiata Post Media Limited expanded its coverage areas to the Mddle East with the appointment of Dr Abraham Jonah as Managing Editor, Middle East Operations. He is based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Abraham is an astute professional with cognate years of media industry and academic… In "Top Stories" •Prof. Mohan Agarwal delivering his speech From Abraham Jonah,Middle East Managing Editor DUBAI - It was a memorable time for students of Gulf American University, United Arab Emirates as a befitting graduation ceremony was held for them successfully completing their bachelor, masters and doctoral degrees in various fields including business… In "Education"