Violence has erupted in a Kaduna community when a herder, Yusuf Mahmuda, a resident of the community was attacked and killed after an argument with some farmers over encroachment of the farm by cows.  It was gathered that the killers beheaded the herder and took away his head as the other herders grazing in the area managed to escape with the cows. The Kaduna State Government has condemned the renewed killings in the boundary areas of Kauru and Zangon Kataf LGAs as reported by security agencies in those locations. The government appealed to residents who lost their relations and loved ones to allow security forces and government to manage the situation, as investigations are in progress, following incidents that created a tense atmosphere in the local government areas. Commissioner, Ministry of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, in a statement, explained that subsequently, an inter-ethnic communal clash erupted during peak market hours in Bakin Kogi Market of Kauru LGA located near its boundaries with Zangon Kataf LGA. Governor Nasir El-Rufa’i expressed his sadness at the reports and sorely lamented the eruption of violent attacks and clashes in the general area. He expressed deep concern that despite the efforts and hard work of the government, security forces and other critical stakeholders to ensure the gradual return of peace, the killings had caused a setback that must not be allowed to gain ground. He condoled the families of those killed and prayed for the repose of their souls while wishing the injured a quick recovery. The governor tasked security agencies to conduct thorough investigations into the attacks leading to the loss of lives in both locations. He further charged all residents to maintain calm and desist from all actions capable of triggering further violence, as security agencies carried out their tasks. “Security agencies are investigating the incidents and sustaining patrols to restore stability to the general area,” the statement declared. Nigerian Tribune The government of Kaduna State Government has reacted to the renewed killings in the boundary areas of Kauru and Zangon Kataf LGAs. The state commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, in a statement on Tuesday, January 25, said the government has appealed to residents who lost their… In "News" Fourth installment of the UK All-Party Parliamentary Group report on violence in Nigeria 1. Nigeria is Africa’s most populous country with a population of over 200 million people . It is a major political and economic force in both West Africa and the continent.  The Constitution of the Federal Republic… In "Security" By Sunday John Keana (Nasarawa State) - Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) has warned its members in Nasarawa State against deliberate encroachment on farmlands. The state chairman of association, Mohammed Husaini, gave the warning during a meeting with members on Saturday in Keana Local Government Area (LGA).… In "News"