Oyo State Government, on Monday, called on all residents of the state to remain calm over the reported cases of Lassa fever in Iwajowa Local Government Area of the state. This is contained in a statement issued by the Commissioner for Health, Dr Bode Ladipo, in Ibadan. Ladipo said that the state government was doing everything possible to curtail further spread of the disease. “The state government has already set up surveillance system across local government areas in the state to abate further transmission of the disease. “The Ministry of Health has repositioned doses of antiviral agents for treatment of the reported cases. “Also, personal protective devices have been provided for health care providers at Iwere-Ile and Iganna areas,” he stated. The commissioner enjoined residents of the state to refer similar cases to the nearest government hospitals for free and quality care. He also urged them to call these numbers: 09058704101, 08025245800 and 08073431342 for immediate attention. “The attention of the ministry has been drawn to reported cases of deaths at Iwajowa local government area on Jan. 12. “The deaths were said to have been associated with fever, gastrointestinal symptoms and some neck swelling. “This warranted a high-level investigating team, led by the commissioner for health, to visit the area on Jan. 13 to assess the situation and provide necessary support to abate further transmission of the illness. “The team comprised senior officials of the ministry, the State Primary Healthcare Board and the World Health Organisation (WHO). “An initial visit to the General Hospital at Iwere-lle revealed the fact that there was an increase in the number of cases brought from Gaa Agbaruru settlement, with confirmation of two deaths at the facility. “The team was then led to Gaa Agbaruru, a Fulani settlement in Iwere ward of the local government where the victims of the illness came from. “It was observed that there were cases with symptoms mentioned above but were recuperating. “It was also confirmed that there was indeed high degree of contacts between the inhabitants, rodents and bats,” the statement said. It added that the challenge of having potable water was also noted, while blood samples were taken from the recuperating individuals, in addition to the sample of water. “These samples were sent to the National Reference Laboratory for Haemorrhagic Fever in Abuja for analysis and confirmation. “The result of the investigation from the laboratory was received on Monday, with two of the 10 samples testing positive for Lassa fever. “Suspected cases are to be referred to the nearest government hospital for free and quality care,” the statement added. Asaba -  The Delta State Ministry of Health has confirmed one confirmed person dead and 32 others on surveillance following the reported case of Lassa fever. The state Commissioner for Health, Dr Nicholas Azinge, in a statement on Monday in Asaba, said that the state recorded one death from Lassa… In "News" By Stella Kabruk Kaduna - The Kaduna State Government has commenced sensitisation step-down on Lassa fever in Chikun Local Government Area of the state. The Director of Public Health, Dr Mohammed Bello-Armayau, said the sensitisation was to curtail the spread of the disease as the state recorded four cases already.… In "Health" By Fatima Mohammed-Lawal Ilorin -   The Kwara Government has confirmed a case of Lassa Fever in the state. The State Commissioner for Health, Mr Atolagbe Alege, made the confirmation at a news briefing in Ilorin on Friday. Alege said that out of the five samples taken to the Virology… In "Health"