The Management of the Federal University of Lafia (FULafia) has confirmed the kidnap of four of her students. The confirmation was contained in a press statement signed and made made available to the Vanguard by the public relation officer of the university, Mr. Abubakar Ibrahim. READ ALSO:Borno: CP confirms Boko Haram attack on Police Training College, Gwoza According to the statement “the authority of the university regrets to announce that four students of the University were kidnapped by unknown gunmen on Thursday, January 13, 2022, at around 11:30 p.m. ” The unfortunate kidnap incident took place at a community, Mararraba, located close to the University”. The Vice-Chancellor of the University, Prof. Shehu Abdul Rahman, has expressed profound outrage over the kidnap, and demand the immediate release of the students. The VC affirms that kidnapping of students constitutes one of the most serious threats to education in Nasarawa State. The VC earlier visited the resident of the incident and notified the Commissioner of police, Nasarawa Command. The VC has further contacted other security agencies and appealed to them to work tirelessly for the safe and quick return of the students. A student of Delta State University, Abraka, Odje Stephen of the Department of Medical Biochemistry, has been shot dead by unknown gunmen.The PUNCH Metro gathered that the gory incident occurred on Sunday night at about 9.30pm as the student was on his way to Abraka to resume the 2020/2021 academic… In "Education" Plateau State Governor Simon Bako Lalong has praised security personnel for their swift response that thwarted the attempted kidnap of four students at the Plateau State University, Bokkos. The attempted kidnap was said to have occurred on Monday night when gunmen stormed the off-campus student residences at Ndar Community near… In "News" VThe management of the Federal University Lafia (FULafia) has said that no student of the institution was abducted as reported in some sections of the media recently. This is contained in a statement signed by Mr Abubakar Ibrahim, Head, Information and Public Relations of the institution and made available to… In "News"