It was a night of fun, music and dance for friends and well-wishers of multi-talented music producer, Yung Willis as he celebrated his birthday by hosting an exclusive birthday bash that had industry egg heads in attendance. Those that graced the private birthday hangout, held recently at the luxury lounge, Grey Matter Space in Victoria Island, Lagos, were Timaya, Falz, Skales, Caramel Plugg, Asa Asika, Praiz, and blockchain expert; Bitcoin Keith . Others were Aboki the Bahd Guy, Alex Unusual, Jenni Frank, Chimzy, DJ TTB, and Chubby Oddly, Bobby Ajudua among others. In his journey through his musical career, Yung who is known for his signature tagline, ‘Willis Give Dem’ has worked with A-list musicians like Yemi Alade, MI, Phyno, Timaya, Praiz, Falz the Bhad Guy, DJ Kaywise, Ycee, Davido, Patoranking, DJ Neptune, Zlatan Ibile, Zoro, DJ Shawn, Niniola, Ice Prince among many others. Willis is also renowned for phenomenal productions on hit records like ‘Highway’ by Dj Kaywise ft Phyno, ‘Squander’ by Falz the Bahd Guy ft Niniola, ‘Cold Outside’ by Timaya ft Buju, and ‘Celebrate Me’ by Patoraking among several others. Just like his past productions, these singles have enjoyed massive reception and sit atop different charts across the world. Yung Willis has established himself as the leading producer in the country and is definitely an artist to look out for this year as there’s a lot he’s “Givin Dem” this year in his own words. By Olanrewaju Akojede   Lagos   -       It was a combination of biggest stars in Nigeria’s music industry as they gave an enthralling experience at the Hennessey Artistry Concert, in Lagos, where fans were treated to most exciting moments. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Artistry Concert held… In "Entertainment" ABUJA - The Nigerian Entertainment Awards (NEA), on Friday, announced nominees for its 10th edition of the annual NEA Awards scheduled for New York in September. The NEA award is an established institution in the Nigerian entertainment industry and had been a platform toward recognising amazing talents in the industry… In "Entertainment" The 2018 Headies Awards held on Saturday night at the Convention Centre, Eko Hotels and Suites, Lagos . It was the 12th edition of the annual event. Davido led with four awards, including Artist of the year and Song of the year. Wizkid had three awards while Simi won the… In "Entertainment"