By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Nigerian Army (NA) in collaboration with British Defence Section, West Africa has taken its advocacy on Gender Mainstreaming to 8 Division Area of Responsibility, Sokoto. The workshop tagged “Gender mainstreaming for enhanced professionalism in the NA”, organised by the Department of Civil-Military Affairs will be conducted from 16 -18 January 2022. The workshop was declared opened by the General Officer Commanding 8 Division, Nigerian Army, Maj Gen Uwem Bassey, who was represented at the event by Brigadier General Mohammed Abdullahi, Chief of Staff, Headquarters 8 Division. The Director, Army Public Relations, Brigadier General Onyema Nwachukwu disclosed this on Monday in a statement made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja. The workshop, he said, seeks to build the requisite capacity of officers and men of the NA, particularly as assigned missions within the joint environment are becoming complex, increasingly expanding and dynamic in the areas of gender mainstreaming, lnternational Humanitarian Law and Fundamentals Human Rights. The first phase of the workshop was conducted in some selected formations across the NA. The second phase has been approved with Sokoto as the focal start point. Participants were drawn from security and para-military agencies, Civil Society Organisations, Humanitarian Agencies and other critical stakeholders. The Nigerian Army Council on Saturday approved the promotion of senior officers to the next ranks of Major General and Brigadier General respectively. In a statement from Army spokesman, Colonel Sagir Musa, on Sunday, he gave the names of the senior officers as follows: THOSE PROMOTED TO MAJOR GENERAL are:… In "News" Nigerian Army Opens ‘Fort Buhari’ In President’s Hometown In "News" Abuja -  The Army Council on Friday approved the promotion of 227 senior officers from various ranks to their next ranks. Those promoted, according to the army spokesman, Col. Sani Usman, include 21 Brigadier Generals to Major Generals, 93 Colonels, including Usman, to Brigadier Generals and 113 Lieutenant Colonels to… In "News"