…. Trains 30 health workers By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Aliko Dangote Foundation (ADF) has commenced the implementation of its nutrition flagship program, tagged: Aliko Dangote Foundation Integrated Nutrition (ADFIN) program in Kano State. This is also as no fewer than 30 health workers have been trained in Kano. Dr Francis Aminu who is the Director of Health and Nutrition said the program is in line with the plan to use the newly refurbished Primary Healthcare Centers (PHCs) across 5 pilot LGAs as Outpatient Care (OPC) and Inpatient Care (IPC) component of the Integrated Management of Acute Malnutrition (IMAM) services for the Programme. This was contained in a statement signed by the Digital Communications, Corporate  Communications, Dangote Group, Timilehin Oyedare made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja. According to the statement, Dr. Aminu said the 5- day training program was held between 17th and 22nd December 2021. “The purpose of the training was to equip the health workers with the requisite skills on how to assess, treat and care for malnourished children under the age of five, he added. The 5-day training enabled participants to gain in-depth knowledge in line with the training requirements as stated in the National Integrated Management of Acute Malnutrition Guidelines,” he said. He said the participants were drawn from the State Ministry of Health and the five ADFIN supported sites from Bebeji, Dala, Kura, Tudun Wada, and Rimin-Gado LGAs comprising Officers-in-Charge (OICs), Community Health Extension Workers (CHEWs), Nutrition focal persons, Maternal and Child Health (MCH) Coordinators, and Primary Health Care (PHC) Coordinators. At the opening ceremony of the training, key development partners in Kano state participated and expressed their goodwill messages to ADF on the IMAM training. Participants include the representatives of Nutrition International (NI), Partners for Development (PfD), Civil Society for Scaling up Nutrition (CSSUN) Kano, and Nutrition Society of Nigeria (NSN), among others. The training was declared open by the Commissioner of Health, Kano State, Dr.  Aminu Ibrahim Tsanyawa, who was represented by the Permanent Secretary, Kano State Ministry of Health, Hajiya Amina A Musa. In his closing remarks, the Commissioner commended the dynamic leadership of the PHC Coordinators in staying with their health workers throughout the training. He further commended the Foundation for its contribution to human capital development in Nigeria, and Africa at large, while expressing his profound appreciation for the numerous contributions made by Alhaji Aliko Dangote to Kano State.  (Sundiata Post) – The recently concluded Global Nutrition Summit 2017, held in Milan, Italy, convened governments, international agencies, foundations, civil society organisations and businesses to accelerate the global response to malnutrition, an underlying cause of nearly half of all global child deaths. A major highlight of the Summit was the… In "Health" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - UNITED Nations Secretary-General António Guterres has appointed Africa’s richest man Aliko Dangote, African Development Bank President Akinwumi Adesina and 25 other persons to champion the fight against global malnutrition. A statement issued by Scaling Up Nutrition SUN Movement, an initiative of the UN Gen Sec, Dangote… In "Top Stories" By Philip Yatai   Kaduna  -    Dangote Foundation on Wednesday said it would commit N36 billion to implement its malnutrition intervention plan in Nigeria from January 2018. The Chief Executive Officer of the Foundation, Zouera Youssoufou, who made the disclosure to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Kaduna, said… In "News"