A former minister of Aviation, Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode has reacted to the massacre of villagers escaping bandits in Zamfara State.  Reacting to reports of the large-scale killings, Fani-Kayode, in a series of tweets via his Twitter handle on Sunday, joined millions of Nigerians in condemn the wicked act. He also suggested that it is time to consider use of carpet-bombing and deployment of newly-acquired American Tucano jets to destroy bandits. He wrote: “The slaughter of over 50 innocent civilians in Zamfara state by the fleeing terrorists is utterly barbaric and I join millions of my compatriots in wholeheartedly condemning this wicked, cruel and cowardly act. “I commiserate with my friend and brother, His Excellency Gov. Bello Matawalle, the Emirs & the people of Zamfara at this difficult time. I call on the Buhari administration & our Armed Forces to continue to seek out the terrorists for destruction & to bring them to justice. “It is indeed time to consider the use of massive carpet-bombing of our forests and to deploy the newly-acquired American Tucano jets to finally rid our land of these evil forces that seek to destroy us all. “May God defend our nation and deliver her from these murderous terrorists and evil and bloodthirsty savages that seek to crush and destroy us all. “In the end, we shall surely prevail.”  Source Femi Fani-Kayode has praised the Nigerian security forces for going hard against bandits, terrorists and other criminals in the north. In a recent post on his official Facebook page, Fani-Kayode said the “gallant warriors are kicking”. According to him, the gunshots sounds like music to his ears. Boosting their morale,… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode who defected to the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) on Thursday in Abuja said some of his criticisms of President Muhammadu Buhari were misdirected. The former Chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) admitted his wrongdoing about… In "Top Stories" FORMER Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode, on Thursday hinted at the possibility of the governors of Bauchi, Enugu and Oyo States dumping the Peoples Democratic Party and joining him in the All Progressives Congress. Fani-Kayode gave the hint while speaking to newsmen after he was presented to the President, Major… In "News"