The Spiritual Director of the Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka has revealed what God told him concerning Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, this 2022.  He said God will show Kanu and other detainees mercy. Speaking on Saturday, Mbaka appealed to his fellow priests to stop castigating him for praying for and blessing the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu, over his travails. The cleric, who intensified prayers for the IPOB leader and other agitators under incarceration in various prisons, stated that he sees the IPOB leader as his son. Mbaka gave his 2022 New Year message during the crossover night service at the Adoration Ground, Emene, Enugu. Mbaka said, “I’m begging my fellow priests to stop condemning me for praying for Nnamdi Kanu. I am not closing any priest’s mouth and nobody should close my own. If I use my mouth to bless Nnamdi Kanu and you don’t like it, please use your own mouth to curse him. Leave me to bless him. “I see Nnamdi Kanu as my son. Every Igbo man and woman is my child. You may not understand the spiritual authority I have on this land. “If as a church, we can be praying for Nigeria in distress, nobody can stop us from praying for Nnamdi Kanu and our brothers in distress. “This year will be for Kanu and those held for agitations. God will show them mercy this year.”   Source A warning has been given to the federal government led by President Muhammadu Buhari concerning Nnamdi Kanu. The Spiritual Director, Adoration Ministry Enugu, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka warned that there will be more trouble if the leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, dies in custody… In "News" Fiery Catholic priest and founder of Adoration Ministry Enugu, Nigeria, Rev. Fr Ejike Mbaka, has blamed unnamed governors for re-arrest of detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu. The cleric did not mention any governor or directly mention Kanu throughout the message, during his popular Wednesday… In "News" The Spiritual Director of the Adoration Ministry Enugu Nigeria, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, has disclosed that he was held hostage by the authorities of the Enugu Catholic Diocese for the two days he went incommunicado. Mbaka disclosed this when he spoke with his parishioners on Wednesday at the Adoration Ground,… In "News"