ABEOKUTA – Ogun State Governor Prince Dapo Abiodun, Sunday sent strong warning to vandals of public infrastructure and utilities in the state, declaring that anyone found culpable will be punished according to the law. The governor also disclosed that he would send a bill to the State House of Assembly for a punitive measure for anyone caught vandalizing public utilities. READ ALSO:2023: Nigerian youths should keep hope alive – PDP House of reps aspirant urges Abiodun, who gave the warning while speaking at the Special Church Service to mark this year’s Armed Forces Remembrance Day Celebration, held at the Cathedral Church of St. Peter, Ake, Abeokuta, noted that the warning became expedient due to the activities of vandals who have stolen the poles and cables of the newly installed street lights on the Abeokuta-Siun-Sagamu road. He said; “Last night, we were coming from Ijebu-Ode and noticed that some parts of the lights were not on and on enquiry, we were told that some poles were vandalized and the cables stolen. “I will be sending a Bill to the House of Assembly for a punitive measure for anyone caught vandalizing public utilities. Let parents warn their children and wards. I won’t entertain any call from parents whenever anyone is caught in the act of cultism, vandalism, banditry or any other criminal activities. “We will find them out and the full weight of the law would be brought upon them. We will make an example of them”, the governor stressed. On the special church service, Abiodun said that the Armed Forces Remembrance Day was specially chosen to celebrate the service men and women whose job is to protect the people even to the point of paying the ultimate price, describing it as the ultimate act of patriotism. The governor who took a swipe at those who continue to sow the seed of discord in the country, said the best way to support members of the Armed Forces apart from paying their entitlements and taking care of the widows and orphans of the fallen heroes, was to ensure that peace prevails in the country. He reiterated that his administration would continue to encourage peaceful co-existence among all Nigerians, while security apparatus in the state has been rejigged with modern gadgets, just as the farmers/herdsmen clashes had been curtailed. In his sermon titled ‘Heroes of Faith, Our strength’, the Provost, Cathedral Church of St. Peter, Ake, Abeokuta, Very Reverend (Dr.) Issac Adeniji, regretted that the world has witnessed many senseless wars which had led to loss of millions of lives and make many women widows and children orphans. The Clergyman who took his text from Hebrews 11: 32, likened Nigeria’s uniformed men and women to the people of the old who were risks takers, saying that it was expedient that Nigerians continue to pray for those who lost their lives in the course of maintaining peace in the country and other parts the world, and those they left behind. He, therefore, called on the authorities to pay the ex-servicemen and women their entitlements and not wait until their demise, while the welfare of the widows and orphans of the fallen heroes should also be accorded prompt attention. By Abiodun Lawal Abeokuta   -      The Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC),  Ogun Command, on Sunday said it recovered the body of a 45 year old man, in the middle of NNPC’s Petroleum Motor Spirit (PMS) pipeline at Gbaga Axis, Ogijo, Ogun. The man was suspected to be an… In "Metro" •Governor Abiodun ABEOKUTA - The Ogun State government has shifted the lockdown directive earlier put at midnight of Monday, March 30 to Friday, April 3, 2020. This was disclosed by the Governor Dapo Abiodun while addressing the people of the state, shortly after inspecting a 128-bed isolation facility located within… In "News" By Adesanya Akanbi, Abeokuta Operatives of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), Ogun State Command, have arrested 48 suspected vandals, recovered 78,000 litres Premium  Motor Spirit (PMS) and impounded 41 vehicles from the suspected vandals within the last six months. NSCDC also recovered cash sum of over N3.5… In "Metro"