The Nigeria Labour Congress, NLC has revealed its next move following the decision of the federal government not to remove fuel subsidy.  Recall that the FG had yesterday announced that it will not remove fuel subsidy for now ahead of the 2023 presidential election. NLC has demanded that the federal government should re-engage the organised labour in discussions in order to find mutually acceptable solutions to the current quagmire in Nigeria’s downstream petroleum sub-sector. NLC also urged the Federal Government to announce the withdrawal of its plans to increase the pump price of petrol in the country. Mr. Ayuba Wabba, NLC President, made this appeal in a letter addressed to state governors and jointly signed by the General Secretary of the congress, Mr. Emanuel Ugboaja. Recall that the Federal government on Monday said there won’t be any removal of fuel subsidy due to perceived difficulties associated with it. Minister of Finance, Hajia Zainab Ahmed, said the Federal government was initially looking at the removal of fuel subsidy from July this year, after making provisions in the 2022 budget to cushion the effect. Reacting, Wabba said, ”The Federal Government should demonstrate seriousness and commitment to overhauling our local refineries as a lasting panacea to mass importation of refined petroleum products.” He also urged the federal Governments to take immediate steps to improve governance and public accountability. This, he said, will help regain the confidence of Nigerians. He also stressed that the organised labour is willing and ready to work with the government to find enduring solutions to the crisis in Nigeria’s downstream petroleum sector and other areas of challenge in governance.  Source The government of Nigeria on Monday said there won’t be any removal of fuel subsidy anytime soon as a result of perceived difficulties associated with it. Minister of Finance, Hajia Zainab Ahmed stated this at an interactive meeting with the Senate President, Dr Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan and other principal officers… In "News" Abuja The National Executive Council (NEC) of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has resolved to hold a national protest on Feb. 1, 2022 against plans by the Federal Government to remove fuel subsidy. The decision is contained in a communique issued on Friday in Abuja and signed by NLC President,… In "Top Stories" The Nigeria Labour Congress has called on the Federal Government to consider options to help the country embrace developmental governance and accountable leadership while rejecting the planned petroleum price increase. NLC President, Comrade Ayuba Wabba, made the call in a statement he issued to newsmen in Abuja, entitled: ‘Nigerian workers… In "News"