 8Mr Richard Rotimi, an Ilorin-based expert on Information Communication Technology (ICT), has advocated the need for governments to enforce ICT training for civil servants in the country.Giving the advice in Ilorin on Saturday, Rotimi told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that ICT knowledge was essential to civil servants for effective discharge of their duties.According to him, ICT training should be made compulsory for every civil servant to make their work easier and faster.“The government must ensure all civil servants enjoy free ICT training in order to be able to compete with international workers in the world.“The world is a global village where every activity is being carried out on computer. Everything is evolving fast.“Nigerian workers need to meet up with the pace of advancement in ICT and technology.“Government must empower its workers with ICT knowledge for them to be reckoned with anywhere in the world.“Don’t mind the cost. Invest in your workers and you will witness rapid economic growth,” he said.He, however, called on civil servants in the country to add value to themselves, and not necessarily wait for the government to do everything for them. (NAN) By Toba Ajayi Ilorin - Mr Frank Folorinsho, Information and Communication Technology (ICT) expert, has stressed the need for teachers in the country to have adequate computer training for effective and efficient teaching. Folorunsho, who made this call in Ilorin on Wednesday in an interview with the News Agency of… In "News" By Mohammed Baba Busu Lafia - The Nasarawa State Government has restated its commitment in training civil servants in the state on Information and Communication Technology (ICT) for effective service delivery. Mr Shehu Ibrahim, the Director-General, state Bureau for Information and Communication Technology (ICT), made this known while speaking with… In "Politics" SEOUL - Prof. Hung Kook-Park, a lecturer with Sangmyung University, South Korea, has urged the Federal Government to earmark one per cent of the annual budget to implementation of e-government and ICT. He made the call in Seoul while presenting a paper entilled ``Master Plan for Nigeria e‐Government 2020’’ at… In "Foreign"