The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board on Monday stated that it would refund N4,000 deposit paid by candidates who failed to complete the registration process for the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination and the Direct Entry Examinations.  The board made this known in its latest bulletin made available to The PUNCH on Monday by the board’s director of media and public relations, Dr. Fabian Benjamin. The bulletin partly reads, “This is to notify all 2021 candidates who had deposited a draft of four thousand naira (N4,000) for late registration for the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination and Direct Entry but were unable to complete the registration process owing to no fault of the Board, even after the Board had extended the registration period twice, to visit the Board’s Website https://www.jamb.gov.ng, and complete a form for the refund of the value of the draft they submitted to the Board. “The above candidates are to click on the link 2021 UTME/DE Unregistered Candidates Bank Draft Recapture and fill the spaces after which they would key in the token sent to the phone numbers they had submitted during the submission of their drafts. “It is this token that would be used to access a form on which they will fill in their account details for the refund of the value of the draft. Candidates are to provide these details within the next two weeks from the date of this publication. “A text message containing OTP (one-time-password) has been sent to the affected candidates besides this notification.”  Source The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) says it will no longer extend the closing date for candidates registering for the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) and the Direct Entry (DE) applications. The board made this known in its Weekly Bulletin, published by the office of the Registrar and… In "Education" The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has given another two-week extension to candidates who genuinely had issues in completing their registration for the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME). The deadline for registration was May 29, 2021. A statement yesterday by JAMB’s Head of Information and Protocol, Dr. Fabian… In "Education" The Joint Admissions and Matriculations Board (JAMB) says that mock examination slips for its Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) can now be printed out in preparation for the exercise. JAMB made this known in its Weekly Bulletin of the Office of the Registrar and made available to the News Agency… In "Education"