The Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, has said that the newly signed Traditional and Chieftaincy law in the state does not stop traditionalists from performing their rites.ADVERTISING The governor, who spoke at the interdominational/interfaith service held in honour of the late Olowu of Owu Kingdom, Oba Adegboyega Dosunmu, held at the Oba Adeleye Park, Abeokuta, on Saturday, the governor noted that the law does sought to redefine the traditional institution and allow family members of the late monarch to take part in the planning and burial rites. Abiodun had signed into law a bill which sought to redefine the traditional institution and allow family members of the late monarch to take part in the planning and burial rites. He said the state is blessed with traditional rulers of high repute, adding that the late Olowu was a self driven, self-made and diligent monarch who developed himself in his youthful days to be able to face the future. Abiodun added that Oba Dosumu was a renowned playwright and TV drama producer. “He was one of the few Africans at that time who created The Village Headmaster, one of the most successful television series in the country”, he said. He further described the late monarch as a man of many parts who as the Chairman of Abeokuta Local Government Area, helped in developing infrastructure in the capital city and put smiles on the faces of the people he met during his life time. He added that the late traditional ruler, a UNESCO awardee, was a devoted christian, a loving husband and father who gave his all to serve his kingdom, state and country. Abiodun urged his children, members of his family and the people of the state to imbibe the good virtues Oba Dosunmu left behind. He noted that for Chief Olusegun Obasanjo holding interfaith obsequies in honour of departed royal fathers is a welcome development. Speaking earlier, former President of Nigeria, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo called on the children to continue building on the legacies of their father which was not only noticeable in Owu, Abeokuta and the state, but the nation as a whole. The former president who is also the Balogun of Owu Kingdom, while appreciating Governor Abiodun for always identifying with the people of Owu, lauded him for the transformational development going on in the state. Obasanjo, however, called for the adoption of the interdominational service where Christians, Muslims and traditionalists would worship together whenever any monarch is to be interred. In his sermon titled, “He is coming quickly”, the national president, Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Rev. Supo Ayokunle, urged Christians to be prepared by doing good always since no one knows when death would come. The clergyman said the monarch had done his beat and had gone to rest with his Creator, enjoining the people to engage in good deeds. Olawale Jokotoye Abeokuta - Gov. Dapo Abiodun of Ogun said on Saturday that his administration had revisited the “controversial” promotions and appointments of traditional rulers by former Gov. Ibikunle Amosun at the twilight of his administration. Abiodun stated this during his address at the statutory meeting of the Ogun Council… In "News" Palpable fear gripped Ekiti State on Thursday as strong indications emerged Governor Kayode Fayemi was allegedly making moves to dethrone the Ewi of Ado-Ekiti, Oba Rufus Adejugbe and 10 other aggrieved prominent traditional rulers in the state otherwise called ‘pelupelu Obas’. The affected Obas include Ewi of Ado-Ekiti Oba Rufus… In "News" The Olubadan of Ibadan land, Oba Saliu Adetunji, has said his opposition to the attempt by the government to review the Olubadan chieftaincy laws remain unchanged. The monarch said the recommendation of 32 crowns for Ibadan by the Boade Commission set up by Oyo State was a joke too far.… In "Top Stories"