The Benue State House of Assembly has amended the Benue State Open Grazing Prohibition and Ranches Establishment Law of 2017, providing for stiffer penalties for offenders. The law now provides for a 14-year jail term with an option of a N5million fine for anyone caught engaging under-aged children for grazing in any part of the state. Without state police, we’ll continue to secure S-West — Amotekun commanders The amendment of the legislation was done during the plenary followed the consideration of the report of the House Standing Committee on Agriculture and Natural Resources. Leading debate on the report, Chairman of the Committee and the lawmaker representing Makurdi South constituency, Mr Terwase Aondoakaa said the amendment became expedient to address some noticeable lapses in the original law. He explained that the amended law would provide for a N500,000 fine for any first offender caught moving livestock by foot in the state. He stated that a second-time offender would be liable to a N1million fine with an appropriate prison term, stressing, “the new law provides various fines for confiscated livestock including N50,000 fine per cow, N10,000 per pig, N5,000 per goat and N1,000 for poultry.” He appealed to the House to pass the amended bill to discourage open grazing in the state and willful disobedience and disregard for the 2017 law. After deliberating on the report, the Speaker of the House, Mr Titus Uba invited the Clerk of the House to read the bill for the third time after which the House passed the bill into law. The Benue State House of Assembly on Thursday successfully passed the bill prohibiting Open Rearing and Grazing into law. The house had on Tuesday received the report of its Committee on Agriculture and Natural Resources on the bill to prohibit Open grazing in the State. The report was presented by… In "News" By George Odok Calabar - The Cross River House of Assembly has commenced activities to amend the Anti-Cultism Act which was passed into law in April 2002 during the administration of a former governor of the state, Mr Donald Duke. The bill, christened ‘Cross River State Public Order Prohibition of… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate, on Tuesday, began moves to review the Labour Act to provide stiffer penalties for various offences ranging from modern slavery, child Labour to discrimination against women in the work place. The amendment to the Labour law seeks to introduce stiffer penalties to… In "Top Stories"