By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Commandant of the Nigerian Defence Academy (NDA), Maj. Gen. Ibrahim Manu Yusuf, has rated cadets high for the level of training received at the on going Camp Highland in Jos Shere Hills Plateau State. The Academy boss said he is highly satisfied with the level of training so far attained by the cadets who are currently on their last lap of combatant regimented training after being admitted into the Academy in April 2021. “This is the final stage of their exercise haven been in training for the last 10 months”, Gen. Yusuf said. Yusuf who spoke to newsmen on Tuesday in Jos at Shere Hills, said the new crops of Army that will join the Nigeria Armed Forces have received all the necessary training so far. According to Him: “The Exercise is an important military training activity used in ascertaining the preparedness of the Army cadets for commissioning as Officers into the Nigeria Armed Forces. “It is designed to test the cadets leadership skills, physical fitness, as well as command and control abilities, among other military competencies”, he said. However the training which is the final outdoor exercise for the cadets, tagged “Exercise Camp Highland”, is also designed to build a character in them. Our correspondent reports that some of the courses drilled into the cadets as they sojourn in Shere Hills, are Drum, Balancing log, crossing log, map reading, Tyre ring, pyramids, swing and ragain, hond transverse, spring jump, stepping, run on beach, barb wire , 12 feet wall among others. Similarly, the Unit Coordinator, Citizenship and Leadership Training Center, Shere Hills, Mr. Abdulmumuni Maimako, said the skills garnered will help the young cadet’s physical and mental alertness actively agile to confront any challenges. Responding, one of the participants who spoke to journalists, Cadet Aliyu Aliyu, said they joined course 47 as civilians but today they are fully ready and well equipped to defend their fatherland. The Nigerian Defence Academy (NDA), says its final outdoor “Exercise Camp Highland’’ for 68 Regular Course Army Cadets will begin on Sunday.The Academy Public Relations Officer, Maj. Bashir Jajira, announced this in a statement on Friday in Kaduna.According to Jajira, the 21 days exercise which is expected to end on… In "News" Jos -  Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau has promised to key into the Federal Government’s efforts aimed at restoring peace not only to the state, but in other parts of the country with challenges. Lalong made the pledge late Saturday night at a ``Camp Fire’’ ceremony to conclude the training… In "News" The Nigerian Defence Academy (NDA), on Friday provided free medical treatment to Akupal, Anguwan Bala and Anguwan Yawa communities of Zangon Kataf Local Government Area of Kaduna State.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the gesture, which was part of activities marking this year’s “Camp Highland” exercise for army… In "News"