.Power By Ibrahim Hassan-Wuyo The Minister of Power, Engr. Abubakar Aliyu has said that the Buhari administration was worried about power generation hovering around 5,000MW.ADVERTISING He said efforts were on to increase it to 7,000MW, then 11,000 MW before finally reaching 25,000MW in a few years time. According to him, the 215MW Kudenda power station in the Chikun local government area of Kaduna state, which has reached 80% completion, will be completed soon. He noted that the turbine power station, which was designed to use both gas and diesel, was initiated by late President Umaru Yar’ Adua but started by former President Goodluck Jonathan only to be abandoned by that government in the twilight of its administration despite nearing completion. Speaking during an inspection tour of the facility in the company of Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna state on Tuesday, the Minister said the “present administration is worried about the power generation hovering around 5,000MW, and efforts are in top gear to quickly increase it to 7,000MW, then 11,000 MW before finally reaching 25,000MW in a few years time”. The Minister said the major challenge faced by electricity in Nigeria is the poor transmission of power generated, adding that the government is doing everything possible to harvest the generated power, transmit them and generally improve electricity supply across the country. “This power station project started in 2012 and it has reached over 80% completion before work stalled, now we are trying to revive it. There are four partners and we are discussing with them to see how we can complete the project and bring it on stream. It would be powered by diesel first before the supply of gas because it uses a dual source of power. “This year is the year of delivery, the present situation we are in is not good enough, we have to improve. The power generated has been 5,000MW for a long time, it would be going down without investment which is why we are having system collapse, we had 15 or 16 years back, last year it was only two system collapse. “Within six months, you will see the electricity of this country improve. The Siemens which is an agreement struck between Nigeria and Germany will come on stream, there are 10 massive transformers to be deployed all around the country in specific locations. We also deployed 175 mobile substations some greenfield, some brownfield, which are going to construct. “This is 215MW, we have lots of them; Gurara Dam with 30MW, Zungeru with 700MW, Kashimbila has given 40MW to the grid, Dadinkowa also 40MW. We will increase energy. I was in Katsina on new year day January 1 to inspect the windmill which will produce 10MW and a 330KVA transmission line to Kano.” He said. He observed that many of the power facilities were allowed to become moribund, and assured that the President Muhammadu Buhari administration will do everything possible to bring them back to life and ensure that stable electricity without power outages reaches every household. The Federal Government has said the major challenge of facing electricity supply in the country is transmission of power generated. The Minister of Power, Engr. Abubakar Aliyu, said this, while noting that the President Muhammadu Buhari administration was worried about power generation hovering around 5,000MW. Aliyu spoke during an inspection… In "News" FG Ratifies Convention On Tax Treaties To Curb Tax Evasion, Profit Shifting In "Top Stories" By Rotimi IjikanmiAbuja - The Federal Government on Wednesday assured that no region and state capital would be left out of its rail development master plan.The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, gave the assurance when he featured on the Nigeria Television Authority (NTA) Programme, “Good Morning Nigeria”.During… In "News"