Reno Omokri, a former presidential aide, on Thursday posited that the lifting of the Twitter suspension in Nigeria by the Federal Government was due to the forthcoming 2023 general elections.  Omokri, who was an appointee under the Goodluck Jonathan administration said this via a series of tweets on his page, claiming that Nigeria lost $750 million because of the Twitter ban. He tweeted, “$750 million. In case you are wondering, that is exactly what Nigeria lost in 222 days of banning Twitter. “So, if anybody is telling you that Nigeria won with the #TwitterBan, ask them to tell you what exactly Nigeria won. Nigeria lost big time! “The claim that Twitter agreed to allow Buhari’s junta regulate Twitter users in Nigeria is as fakes as Buhari’s integrity. “The expectation that Twitter would move from Ghana to Nigeria will never happen. Twitter did not beg. Buhari bulged because elections are here!” The Federal Government had suspended Twitter operations in the country on June 5, 2021, about 222 days ago. The President subsequently established a seven-man Presidential Committee to engage Twitter, and another 20-member technical committee comprising all relevant government agencies was established to engage directly with the Twitter team. However, an official statement on Wednesday revealed that the suspension has been lifted. According to the statement, the Federal Government asked Twitter to meet up with some conditions before the removal of the ban, and the social media company has agreed to the conditions, with the execution of the agreement starting this week.  Source Former aide to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, Reno Omokri has warned that President Muhammadu Buhari’s victory will lead to a fall of Nigerian Stock Exchange. INEC had earlier announced Buhari winner of the Saturday’s presidential election. Against this backdrop, some Nigerians who took to his Twitter handle and mocked him. Reacting,… In "Social Media Feeds" Nigeria's number one man, President Muhammadu Buhari has lost so many followers on Twitter.   The President lost a whopping 100,000 Twitter followers in just three hours after bestselling author, Reno Omokri, started a hashtag, #UnfollowBuhari.   At exactly 5PM GMT, Mr Omokri had tweeted via his verified Twitter handle… In "Politics" Former media aide to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, Reno Omokri has maintained that the President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government is “built on lies” and can’t rescue the country from recession. Omokri made the comment while reacting to comment by the Minister of Works, Power and Housing, Babatunde Fashola claiming that Jonathan… In "News"