Kanye West is reportedly not happy after finding out that his current flame, Julia Fox used to have sexual relations with his hiphop rival, Drake. Kanye and Fox are currently in Paris, as they attend Fashion Week. They both started dating at the end of last year after Kanye made public call outs to estranged wife, Kim Kardashian urging her to stop divorce proceedings and leave her boyfriend, Pete Davison. However, according to gossip site, Page Six,  before dating Ye, Julia had dated his former nemesis, Drake. Drake reportedly had a relationship with Kim, but Kanye said Drake denied it in their conversations while Kim has also refuted the rumors. According to Page Six, sources say Fox, has told West, about her “Hotline Fling” with his rival Drake who showered her with gifts including two Birkin bags and that Ye is not thrilled about it. The report says Drake first reached out to Fox via an Instagram DM to compliment her on her role in the 2019 Adam Sandler drama, “Uncut Gems.” Drake then spent hundreds of thousands of dollars tricking off on the actress. He showed up to Bloomingdale’s where Fox was doing a promotional gig the next day to visit her at work. “They closed down the store so he could visit,” said a source. “The smitten pair continued their whirlwind romance when Fox flew to Los Angeles a few days after Valentine’s Day, where Drake gave her two of the famed Birkin bags, which cost from $20,000 up to $500,000. “And it worked. The Caucasian actress went to Drake’s Toronto castle, where she stayed for weeks and the two huddled together at the beginning of 2020, until Covid broke out.” the source added Kanye West was reportedly upset after learning about Julia’s dating past.      American rapper, Kanye West has extended the olive branch by reaching out to his colleague, Drake, urging him to end their beef. Now officially known as Ye, West made this call in a video posted on Twitter by Texas-based music executive, J Prince on Tuesday. He said, “I’m making this… In "Entertainment" Los Angeles - Beyonce got a leading nine Grammy nominations on Tuesday, followed by Drake, Rihanna and Kanye West with eight nods each. The nominations unfolded as pop, R&B and hip hop took centre stage in the contest for the music industry’s highest honors. Beyonce’s haul included album, song and… In "Entertainment" Reality star Kim Kardashian West reunited with her husband Kanye West on Monday July 27, after flying down to Wyoming for marriage crisis talks with the troubled rapper over his recent behavior on social media. The celebrity couple were pictured together in a vehicle, having an intense conversation after leaving… In "News"