itting the crossbar with a free-kick inside the opening five minutes. Liverpool thought they had broken the deadlock in the tie as Joel Matip poked home a Fabinho header across goal but his effort was ruled out for offside. Jota, though, would continue his fine recent scoring record against the Gunners, getting the better of the returning Takehiro Tomiyasu and somehow beating Ramsdale with a scuffed effort. After their lively start, Arsenal’s attacking talent was stifled as Liverpool took control of the game heading into half-time. Lacazette passed up a great chance to level after the restart, firing over the bar after beating the Liverpool offside trap to latch onto a fine pass from Albert Lokonga. Liverpool, too, saw an opportunity to double their lead pass them by as youngster Kaide Gordon showed a lack of composure in skying a cross from Jota when well-placed. Ibrahima Konate, on for Matip at the interval, headed against the post from a corner-kick as the pressure on Ramsdale’s goal intensified. Jota’s second 13 minutes from the end killed off the dying embers of any Arsenal comeback, the Portugal forward once again benefitting from a Trent Alexander-Arnold pass before coolly finishing. The goal was ruled out by the flag of the assistant referee, only for VAR to overrule the decision and award the goal. Partey was then dismissed after picking up two bookings in quick succession, the Ghana midfielder having only landed back in London at lunchtime. He will now miss the visit of 2021/2022 English Premier League (EPL) bottom side Burnley on Sunday. But it was Jota’s fifth in his last five appearances against Arsenal and went unanswered as Liverpool booked their place at Wembley, aiming to win the competition for a record ninth time. Liverpool (UK)  - Arsenal squeezed past Liverpool 5-4 on penalties to advance to the English Football League (EFL) Cup quarter-finals on Thursday after a goalless 90 minutes. With the Premier League champions making several changes to the team that beat Arsenal in the league 3-1 on Monday and their opponents… In "Sports" Man City 5 Home team scorers Sergio Aguero 24 Fernando Gabriel Jesus 45 +5:10 Fernando Gabriel Jesus 53 Leroy Sane 77 Leroy Sane 90 +0:38 Liverpool 0 Away team scorers Manchester City 5-0 Liverpool: Premier League – as it happened City thrashed ten-man Liverpool, who had Sadio Mane sent off for… In "Sports" Liverpool (UK) - Anfield debutant Curtis Jones scored the winning spot-kick as Liverpool beat Arsenal on penalties after an astonishing 5-5 draw to reach the English Football League (EFL) Cup quarter-finals on Wednesday. The 18-year-old kept his cool in front of the Kop to send Liverpool through after the hosts… In "Sports"