By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Prof. Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami and his counterpart in the Ministry of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola, will commission a Digital Nigeria Centre (DNC) project in Osun State on January 14, 2022, in order to give concrete expression to the underlining principles and fundamental philosophy of the emergent digital culture in Nigeria, particularly Item No. 2 of the eight pillars of the National Digital Economy Policy and Strategy (NDEPS) 2020-2030. The Governor of Osun State, His Excellency, Adegboyega Oyetola, is also expected at the event as a Special Guest of Honour. This was contained in a statement signed by the Director, Public Affairs, Dr. Ikechukwu Adinde made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja. Recall that, The DNC, hitherto known as School Knowledge Centre (SNC), targets students and youths for skills acquisition in order to increase Information and Communication Technology (ICT) literacy among school teachers and students; provide a platform for accessing online educational resources; equip students with ICT skills; facilitate ICT adoption in teaching and learning; and increase pass rate in mathematics, English language and other science subjects. This project, the first to be commissioned in Osun State since the modification of the project as DNC, is located at the Ijesa Muslim Grammar School, Ilesa. The four components of the DNC include ICT Tool component (made up of 40 desktop computers with embedded operating systems, server, printer, remote-controlled projector, high resolution scanner, and e-learning software). Another component is the Power structure, consisting of an inverter that comes with its charger, solar panels, batteries and automatic changeover. There is also a Connectivity component, made up of routers, switches, firewall for network protection, modem, fibre/microwave radio or VSAT and bandwidth for internet connectivity. Finally, there is a non-ICT component constitutive of the furniture, cabinet, cooling systems, and allied appliances. The DNC is a project of the Universal Service Provision Fund (USPF), an arm of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), established under the Nigerian Communications Act (NCA) 2003 with the overarching objective to carry out the Commission’s statutory mandate of expanding the frontiers of universal access and universal service by ensuring service provision to unserved and under-served areas of the Nigerian economy. Therefore, as mandated by NCA 2003, the USPF promotes the widespread availability and usage of network and application services throughout Nigeria by encouraging the installation of network facilities and the provision of network services and applications services to institutions, particularly in unserved and underserved areas and for underserved groups within the community. Since inception in 2006, the USPF under NCC supervision and directive of the Honourable Minister, has implemented series of programmes and projects that promote ICT inclusion and adoption to mainstream accessibility to communication services for citizens and position Nigeria for global competitiveness in the emergent digital culture.SIGNED:   By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami has commissioned the Emergency Communication Centres (NCC) established by the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) in both Ogun and Enugu states. The two projects were part of the seven projects inaugurated by the… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Minister of Communications and Digital Economy Dr. Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami has commissioned 11 new Information and Communications Technology (ICT) projects implemented by the agencies under the ministry aimed at advancing the digital economy agenda of President Muhammad Buhari. He stated this during… In "News" ......Generates N1.54trillion in Two Years By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami has said that the Communications and Digital Economy sector singlehandedly lifted the country out of recession, with ICT recording the highest growth rate according to reports given… In "Top Stories"