Following the worsening insecurity ravaging the nation, President Muhammadu Buhari has urged Nigerians to call on God to deal with the situation.  Buhari made the call at the national prayer session for Nigeria, organised by the Kano State Government, on Saturday. Represented by Mustapha Babai, Minister of State for Agriculture, Buhari said his administration was working towards tackling insecurity. The President noted that his government was supporting security agents in a bid to tackle insecurity in the country. He said, “Despite the support, there is a need to seek divine intervention for the Almighty to bring an end to the challenges. “No doubt, Nigeria is facing security challenges and we are doing our best to support the security personnel. That does not mean we should not seek divine intervention. This prayer session is part of the interventions and I commend the State governor for this.” He also commended Governor Abdullahi Ganduje for ensuring security in Kano State. “I am very happy with this initiative. Indeed Ganduje is doing well in securing Kano and has given his quota to achieving peace in the country at large,” he said.  Source By Aminu Ahmed Garko Minna -  Malam Bashir Yankuzu, Chief Imam of the Federal University of Technology, Minna Mosque, on Monday called for special prayers for President Muhammadu Buhari to steer the country to greatness. Yankuzu told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Minna that President Buhari needed cooperation… In "News" Senators and three governors on Tuesday expressed concern about the nationwide ceaseless killings and kidnappings in the country, urging the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd,), to seek foreign help. The lawmakers, while debating a motion on activities of Boko Haram in Niger State, described insecurity in the country as… In "News" By Edeki Igafe Warri - The Brotherhood of the Cross and Star popularly called “Olumba Olumba Church” has urged Nigerians to support President Muhammadu Buhari Government with prayers to address the prevailing insecurity challenges in the country. Arch. Bishop Samuel Inok, who made the call at a news conference on… In "News"