Sensational Music producer, Oguntade Adewale Damola, popularly known as Ajimovoix Drums, has explained how Afro-pop star, 9ice made him stop singing. Ajimovoix made the revelation in an interview with Vanguardlive, where he also told his journey into Stardom. The Ikorodu-bred music producer, who has worked with a lot of Nigerian artistes, including Naira Marley, Patoranking, Dice Ailes and many others, spoke about how the name Ajimovoix came about.READ ALSO: Smallzz Tha Razor features 9ice in new song ‘Soro Soke’ According to him, the name used to belong to a band he formed, which he also financed until everyone went their separate ways. He hinted that ‘FOCUS BEAT’ was not the first beat he made, but that it was the beat that gave him a lot of traction across the world. On why he stopped singing, Ajimovoix said: “My relationship with 9ice, made me draw back from singing because people said we were sounding alike. “I had to wait and then do another thing entirely, so I could tell people that I can sing too.” Talking about how inspiration came for the beat, he said he got the inspiration from the club while lounging. According to him, “FOCUS BEAT was not widely accepted by some Nigerian artistes until recently. “I forwarded the beat to my broadcast list on Whatsapp and started getting reviews from people. “Then my social media presence started growing. This beat has given me a lot of collaboration. It was recently featured in the movie ‘Chief Daddy 2’,” he said. Ajimovoix Drums also spoke about how Don Jazzy gave him money despite not winning an award the Marvin boss sponsored. He hinted that he has a five-track E.P coming out soon. Olasunkanmi Ajala-Akande, wife of Nigerian singer, 9ice, has finally broken her silence after her husband’s cheating video surfaced online. Recall that a video of the singer whose real name is Abolore Adegbola Akande and another lady leaked online. 9ice could be seen caressing the lady’s boobs and also warning other… In "Metro" Nigerian music star, Abolore Adegbola Akande popularly known as 9ice is set to get married for the third time in December 2019. According to a reliable source, the singer is getting married to his baby mama, Sunkami Ajala, who he has a daughter Mitchelle with. The couple are expected to… In "Entertainment" By Ojonugwa Ugboja ABUJA (Sundiata Post) In a fashion that has never been witnessed, the Nigerian music scene is bustling with talent, record deals and glittery celebrity glamour, especially because of the local and international patronage it attracts these days. An entirely new music culture, mostly driven by young people… In "Features"