A date has been set by an Abia State High Court to give a judgement in a case concerning, Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra.  The court fixed January 19 for judgment in the fundamental human rights suit brought before it by Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB. Kanu’s Special Counsel, Aloy Ejimakor, disclosed this in a statement he issued on Tuesday night. Recall that the suit was heard and concluded on merits on December 10, 2021, before Justice Benson Anya of the High Court of Abia State in Umuahia. The statement by Ejimakor reads: “For the information of the media and the general public, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu’s Fundamental Rights suit pending before the High Court of Abia State has been set down for judgment on January 19, 2022.” The suit initiated by Ejimakor on behalf of Kanu prayed the court to declare the military invasion of the IPOB’s leader in September 2017 by soldiers as illegal. In the suit, the counsel urged the court to declare Kanu’s re-arrest and alleged torture in Kenya as illegal. It is seeking: “A DECLARATION that the military invasion of Mazi Nnamdi Kanu’s home in Abia State in September 2017 by the Nigerian government is illegal, unlawful, unconstitutional and amounts to infringement of his fundamental rights to life, dignity of his person, his personal liberty and fair hearing as guaranteed under the Nigerian Constitution and the African Charter on Human and People’s Rights. “A declaration that the arrest of Mazi Nnamdi Kanu in Kenya by agents of the Nigerian government without due process of law is arbitrary, illegal, unlawful, unconstitutional and amounts to infringement of his fundamental rights against arbitrary arrest, to his personal liberty and to fair hearing as guaranteed under the Nigerian Constitution and the African Charter on Human and People’s Rights. “A declaration that the torture and detention of Mazi Nnamdi Kanu in Kenya by agents of the Nigerian government is illegal, unlawful, unconstitutional and amounts to infringement of the his fundamental rights against torture and to fair hearing, as guaranteed under the Nigerian Constitution and the African Charter on Human and People’s Rights. “A declaration that the expulsion of Mazi Nnamdi Kanu from Kenya to Nigeria by the Nigerian government and his consequent detention and planned prosecution in Charge No: FHC/ABJ/CR/383/2015 (Federal Republic of Nigeria v. Nnamdi Kanu) is illegal, unlawful, unconstitutional and amount to infringement of his fundamental rights against unlawful expulsion and detention, and to fair hearing, as guaranteed under the Nigerian Constitution and the African Charter on Human and People’s Rights.” The relief order also urged the court to prevail on the Nigerian government to release the IPOB leader and to restore him to his liberty, and “repatriate him to Britain, his country of domicile and citizenship.” He prayed the court to compel the Nigerian government to issue an official letter of apology to Kanu for the infringement on his fundamental rights and publication of the said letter of apology in three national dailies. The IPOB leader was arrested in Kenya in June 2021 and was repatriated to Nigeria to continue his trial for terrorism.  Source According to Punch, the lawsuit on behalf of Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, against the Federal Government has been adjourned to November 19 by a Federal High Court in Abia State. A member of Kanu’s legal counsel, Aloy Ejimakor disclosed this in an interview on… In "News" Aloy Ejimakor, Special Counsel for the detained leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu, has expressed confidence that his client would emerge victorious against the Federal Government as the High Court of Abia State resumes hearing of the case today. The lawyer, who stated this in a… In "News" The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu's special counsel, Aloy Ejimakor, has said the N5 billion lawsuit filed against the Nigerian government asking freedom for his client on health grounds in Abia State has been assigned to a Chief Judge. He also stated that case is… In "News"