Nigerians have reacted following Bola Tinubu’s public declaration of interest to contest in the 2023 presidential election.  Recall that the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC had yesterday met with President Muhammadu Buhari and informed him that he wants to run for presidency in 2023. Reacting, Nigerians said the decision means more hardship if Tinubu eventually becomes president in 2023. While some Nigerians support Tinubu’s ambition, others are of the opinion that the APC chieftain would make Nigeria worse. Some comments gathered by DAILY POST read below: @TheEnike: “Tinubu’s clan put Nigeria at least 100 years back in the last eight years and the best way to “reward” him is give him that same position? May we have sense in our lifetimes.” @BrewsterHerr: “Nigeria is at an en-passe. History is about to repeat itself. Remember MKO, the same thing will most likely happen to Tinubu, either he loses the ticket in APC or in the general elections. Even if he wins both, there is no escaping the turmoil 2023 has in store for Nigeria.” @__Ahmadak: “Tinubu circle is massive in the southwest and by extension to the north. That man has a lot of REAL MADE MEN with him and he understands this politics. If he decides to run, I don’t think any force can stop him. I don’t think so.” @DubemMartin: “7 years of the Buhari/Tinubu alliance in power is hard suffering and pain. It will be foolish for Nigerians to allow the same mess to continue. They will manipulate it. Best way for people to stop them is to rise now and demand for a RESTRUCTURED Nigeria or REFERENDUM to decide our future.” @sophysoo: “Tinubu becoming president? Nigerians should get set for more problems. We can’t continue with these problems, from Buhari to Tinubu? Nigerians should reject it.” @Awafiq_”There’s no incongruity between Tinubu and Osinbajo campaigning for the presidency. They are probably testing the waters to see which candidate has more approval ratings.” @Realifeanyieze: “Tinubu declared to run for president in 2023 by informing Buhari of his intention. I wish him the best, Tinubu isn’t what we need to move this Nigeria forward.” @MaryNekky1 wrote: “Tinubu na Buhari pro-max, baba go and retire, please don’t ruin my life as a Nigerian.” @dekezman wrote: “If you’re planning to vote Tinubu next year after voting Buhari twice, then you need to really reevaluate your life.”  Source Abuja - A founding member of the Arewa Consultative Forum and elder statesman, Alhaji Tanko Yakasai, has revealed that he would support the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu’s presidential bid in 2023. Tinubu had on Wednesday visited the elder statesman at his Abuja residence. Yakasai… In "Top Stories" Contrary to expectations, National Leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, failed in his bid to have several loyalists on the ministerial list submitted by President Muhammadu Buhari to the Senate last week, a credible source in the National Working Committee (NWC) of the party has… In "Politics" Abuja - An ally of President Muhammadu Buhari, Senator Mohammed Saleh, and some supporters of former Lagos State Governor, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, under the aegis of Th e Disciples of Jagaban, on Saturday began mobilising support for Tinubu’s rumoured presidential ambition. They also sensitised voters in the north to the… In "Politics"