The Nigerian music industry is hovering in ecstasy with the emergence of a fresh afrobeat specialist, Nigerian-born American based, Dare Aderoju, popularly called DreeBaba, who has stormed the music industry with his EP titled ‘Born To Reign’ADVERTISING DreeBaba who is described as an epitome of talent with distinct quality of afro in his music had initially planned to release the album in October 2021 but decided to delay the official release to serve as a special season gift to music lovers not only in Nigeria but across the globe. The 5-track album which didn’t feature any artist was put together to display his complete body of work and talents without collaboration in the EP. According to DreeBaba “It has been beautiful to see Nigerians around the world and non Nigerians vibe to afro sound globally, with afrobeats poised to reach greater heights. “Born To Reign” is perfectly a project to be reckoned with and listened to in the poll of afro afrobeat projects this year. “The production on the album is mainly centred around Yoruba, Afro-Latin and Afrobeats percussion, which creates a sense of homecoming for DreeBaba. He reassured that the project will shake listeners with great energy put into it, ‘Born To Reign’ will spur on fans with unique sounds of afrobeat vibes and will definitely make fans show DreeBaba love due to special inspiration behind the project If i am to go by the list of the most popular Nigerian Musicians with Outstanding Performance in 2020, then many up and coming artistes who have done exceedingly well in 2020 won't be mentioned, but we shall do justice by mixing up the list with both the popular and… In "Entertainment" It's been an amazing year all round and celebrities are planning to reward their fans with shows and concerts this December It's the end of the year again and the fun never stops. There's virtually an event for each day so you can be rest assured that December 2018 will… In "Entertainment" Popular Nigerian singer Damini Ebunoluwa Ogulu, known as Burna Boy has lost the 2020 Grammy Award for the Best World Music Album to Angelique Kidjo, Celia. It was Burna Boy’s first Grammy nomination and his multiple award winning African Giant was widely expected to clinch it for him. Burna Boy… In "Entertainment"