Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, departs Abuja for Accra, Ghana Sunday morning to represent the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), at an Extraordinary Summit of the ECOWAS Authority of Heads of State and Government to discuss the political situation in the Republic of Mali.  This is according to a statement by the Senior Special Assistant to the Vice President on Media and Publicity, Laolu Akande, titled ‘VP Osinbajo off to Accra, representing Nigeria at ECOWAS extraordinary summit on Mali’. Sunday’s meeting which is expected to be attended by leaders across the region follows previous meetings and efforts by the leaders to resolve the situations in Mali and Guinea. In 2021, Osinbajo participated in meetings of leaders across the sub-region on the issues exploring solutions. On September 8, he participated in a virtual summit of the regional body where sanctions were imposed on the military junta in Guinea, and on the 16th of the same month, attended another ECOWAS summit where further sanctions on individuals and groups fueling the crisis in Guinea and Mali were discussed. Later in November 2021, the Vice President again joined other leaders in Accra for the 3rd Extraordinary Summit of leaders across the sub-region to review decisions and the political situations in Mali and Guinea. In compliance with the decisions of the leaders, ECOWAS mediator, former President Goodluck Jonathan traveled to Mali on January 5, 2022, where he met with authorities over the timetable for democratic transition. Jonathan had, on January 6, briefed the President on the outcome of that meeting. Osinbajo, accompanied by the Minister of State Foreign Affairs, Zubairu Dada, is expected back in Abuja today.  Source Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has departed Abuja to represent the President, Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), at the second extraordinary summit of the ECOWAS Authority of Heads of State and Government. The meeting is holding over the recent coup in the Republic of Guinea, a statement from Senior Special Assistant to the… In "News" By Chijioke Okoronkwo Abuja - Vice President Yemi Osinbajo will depart Abuja on Sunday for Accra, Ghana to represent Nigeria at an Extraordinary Summit of the ECOWAS Authority of Heads of State and Government. Laolu Akande, Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity , Office of the… In "Top Stories" Following Thursday’s Extraordinary Summit of the Authority of Heads of State and Government of ECOWAS member-states on the political situation in Guinea and Mali, the regional bloc has resolved to freeze the assets and placed travel bans on the Guinean military junta. The communique issued at the end of the… In "News"