KANO — Ahead of the 2023 general elections, Former Deputy Governor of Kano State, Prof. Hafiz Abubakar on Saturday said that Vice President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo possesses all criteria nigerians will look out for in who emerges the next president of the country. Prof. Abubakar stated this during a grand event organized by Osinbajo Support Groups under the umbrella “New Tribes” to drum support for Osinbajo’s Presidential candidature. The former Deputy Governor however enumerated the criteria to include Character, Competent and Capability in which he said the vice president has all the qualities and fit for the job. According to him, “Qualities such as good character, competency and capabiity among others should form part of criteria nigerians should look out for in who becomes the next president. And when you talk about all these, Vice President Osinbajo possesses all the criteria. “The event you are witnessing today is the coming together of all nigerians from across the states irrespective of ethnicity and religious affiliation who in their own collective assessment and decision feels that the best person to lead the country in 2023 is Osinbajo. “Osinbajo is the man who will lead us in the right direction, with the help of God and millions of Nigerians, the new Tribe, that have been yearning for an opportunity to side-step all the forces that have been pulling us apart, so that Nigeria can truly emerge as the giant it long should have been. “Our country needs a Statesman who envisions Nigeria as a self-sufficient, self-sustaining, upper middle tier country in the shortest possible time. Such a person must be one with tall dreams and big ideas. That is Osinbajo,” Prof. Abubakar however stated. The Progressive Project TPP, a group working for the actualization of a Prof. Yemi Osinbajo presidency in 2023 has vowed to put in place strategies that will enable its candidate defeat established political moneybags at the presidential primaries of the All Progressives Congress APC and in the general election. The… In "News" Irrespective of the roadblock against  the compulsory direct primary option in the selection of political party candidates for the 2023 general elections, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu will contest the All Progressives Congress, APC, presidential primary, multiple sources within and outside his camp have disclosed. However, his efforts will sooner than later… In "Politics" About three years to the next general election, the race for Nigeria’s No 1 post, has earnestly begun. President- Muhammadu Buhari is constitutionally disqualified from re contesting as the position has a two-term limit. There is a vacancy in Aso rock by 2023, and the big question is who will… In "Opinion"