The Delta Governnent has ordered the suspension of the rehabilitation work on the triple cell box culvert at the Old Lagos By-pass, linking the Benin-Onitsha Expressway via the Okpanam Junction, Asaba. The Commissioner for Works, Urban and Highways, Mr Noel Omodon, announced the suspension on Friday during an inspection of the project. Omodon decried the “poor quality” of work by the contractor and directed him to stop work forthwith and evacuate all the precast drains from the site. He said the quality of the concrete might not withstand the weight of the vehicles that would ply the route.He therefore directed the contractor to liaise with the Directorate of Project Monitoring to conduct a hammer test on the work done. “I have cause to interrogate the quality of work being done by the contractor to see if he has got everything right because the governor has no tolerance for failure. “He wants the people to get quality and sufficient service and benefit,” the commissioner said.According to him, the essence of the project is to ensure that all the water coming from Okpanam axis was channelled to the other side of the road through the natural water way. “It is about storm water and erosion control to stop the water that normally gather on the road when it rains, causing unnecessary build up on the express road at Okpanam Junction on the Benin-Onitsha Expressway,” he said. By Mercy Obojeghren Edegrode  - The Delta government has urged host communities in the state to cooperate and support contractors handling infrastructural projects in their areas. The Commissioner for Works, Chief James Augoye, stated this on Thursday at Edegrode-Eleme in the Sapele Local Government Area, while inspecting ongoing projects in… In "News" Ibadan, April 17, 2021 (NAN) Some motorists and commuters in the South-West zone of the country have commended the Federal Government for its strides in infrastructural development, particularly in the areas of road construction and rehabilitation. In a survey conducted in states in the zone, comprising Ogun, Oyo, Osun, Ondo,… In "News" Contracts Award: No More Political Patronage - NDDC Boss In "News"