Ogun State Governor, Dapo Abiodun, has described the death of the former head of the defunct Interim National Government, Chief Ernest Shonekan, as a colossal loss to Nigeria in general and Ogun State in particular.  Abiodun in a statement issued by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, on Tuesday, said the Egba born British-trained lawyer, industrialist and traditional chief passed on at a period Nigeria needed his experience most as a technocrat. Shonekan, who headed the ING between August 26 and November 17 1993, and was a former chairman of the UAC Nigeria Plc., breathed his last in Lagos, early Tuesday at the age of 85. The statement read, “Chief Shonekan was a first-class administrator, boardroom guru and astute leader whose imprint in the business and political firmaments can not be erased. His commitment to a peaceful resolution and patriotic fervour will live after him. “Chief Shonekan, an Egba traditional chief (Babasale of Egbaland), was a true Nigerian who spent most of his life for the betterment of the country,” the statement said. “While noting that his death has created a huge vacuum in Nigeria, and Egbaland, Abiodun prayed for the repose of the deceased’s soul and that God will comfort his immediate family and the Egba Traditional Council. “He will be sorely missed,” the statement concluded. Source Here are 10 things you didn’t know about Chief Ernest Shonekan, the former head of the Interim National Government that succeeded the military junta of General Ibrahim Babangida on August 25, 1993, who died on Tuesday at 85. He was born on May 9, 1936 into a family of six… In "News" Abuja  -   President Muhammadu Buhari has felicitated with elder statesman and former Head of the Interim National Government, Chief Ernest Shonekan, on his 80th birthday. This is contained in a statement issued by the Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity to the President, Malam Garba Shehu in Abuja… In "Top Stories" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The Presidency says thee former President, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo, owes an answer to Nigerians on his absence from the 2019 Presidential inauguration and Democracy Day celebration. Malam Garba Shehu, the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, in a statement in Abuja… In "Politics"