The government of Kaduna State Government has reacted to the renewed killings in the boundary areas of Kauru and Zangon Kataf LGAs.  The state commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, in a statement on Tuesday, January 25, said the government has appealed to residents who lost their relations and loved ones to allow security forces and government manage the situation, as investigations are in progress, following incidents which created a tense atmosphere in the local government areas. “Security agencies reported that unidentified persons attacked and killed a herder in Zaman Chawai general area of Kauru LGA,” the commissioner stated. “According to the report, the herder, Yusuf Mahmuda, a resident of the community, was grazing with other herders in the bushes adjoining some farms, when he was attacked and killed after an argument with some farmers over encroachment of animals. “The assailants beheaded the slain herder and took his head with them as the other herders grazing in the area managed to escape with their animals. “Subsequently, an inter-ethnic communal clash erupted during peak market hours in Bakin Kogi Market of Kauru LGA located near its boundaries with Zangon Kataf LGA. “One Ahmad Aliyu was killed in the violent attack, while two residents, Esther Thomas and Tanko Dakar, were injured and a vehicle was burnt. The situation was brought under control by troops of Operation Safe Haven who then escorted buyers and sellers to safety.” Governor Nasir El-Rufa’i expressed his sadness at the reports and sorely lamented the eruption of violent attacks and clashes in the general area. He expressed deep concern that despite the efforts and hard work of the government, security forces and other critical stakeholders to ensure the gradual return of peace, the killings had caused a setback which must not be allowed to gain ground. He condoled the families of those killed, and prayed for the repose of their souls, while wishing the injured a quick recovery. The Governor tasked security agencies to conduct thorough investigations into the attacks leading to loss of lives in both locations. He further charged all residents to maintain calm and desist from all actions capable of triggering further violence, as security agencies carried out their tasks. “Security agencies are investigating the incidents and sustaining patrols to restore stability to the general area,” Aruwan added.   Source Kaduna State government has confirmed that bandits shot at the official vehicle of Emir of Birnin-Gwari around the Zonkoro axis of the Kaduna-Birnin Gwari road, within Chikun local. The State Commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan confirmed the incident in a statement, saying that, the incident happened… In "News" By Hussaina Yakubu Kaduna - Gov. Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State, has urged elected officials, traditional and community leaders to counter the false claims on the crisis in Zangon Kataf and Kauru Local Government Areas of the state.A statement by the governor’s media aide, Muyiwa Adekeye, said El-Rufai gave the… In "News" No fewer than 13 persons have been killed and seven others injured in a series of bandits’ attacks on communities in Zangon Kataf, Kauru and Chikun local government areas of Kaduna state. In one of the attacks on Kizachi village of Kauru LGA, 56 houses, 16 motorcycles and several barns… In "News"