A chieftain of the All Progressive Congress (APC), Hon. Obinna Oriaku has applauded the leaders of the ruling of All Progressives Congress, APC, Abia State chapter on their recent visit to the leader of the APC National reconciliation committee led by Senator Abdullahi Adamu on the mature way the Abia issue was handled, saying there was no victor and vanquished. Fielding questions from news men on the heels of the visit in Abuja over the weekend, Oriaku who was part of the delegation expressed satisfaction with the handling of the internal issues. He expressed profound gratitude to the leadership of Abia APC and leader of the delegation, Senator Chiris Adighije, the caucus leader and Chief Whip of the Senate, Senator Oji Uzo Kalu and the entire leadership of Abia APC, describing the party as one strong family that was poised to take over Abia government house come 2023. “The composition of the delegation made up of past Governor, Current and former Ministers, Senators, National assembly members, Speakers and Abia State House of Assembly members, former Commissioners, former and present national political office holders truly confirms that we have one strong APC in Abia”, Oriaku said. Oriaku who is the immediate past Commissioner for Finance called on all Abians to join hands in rescuing the state by joining the party that has capacity to redeem Abia from its present State of economic and political doldrums. By reporters Umuahia -  The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Abia held a peaceful local government congress across the 17 council areas of the state on Saturday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) correspondents, who monitored the exercise in different parts of the state, reports that the process was orderly,… In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post)  -  As the 2019 general elections draw nearer, there are indications that Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the All Progressives Congress (APC) will again slug it out in Bayelsa State as it happened in 2015.   While the belief that the PDP is an Ijaw party is… In "Politics" By Ahmed Ubandoma   Abuja   -     The wife of the President, Mrs Aisha Buhari, has called for greater participation of women in elective positions to ensure gender mainstreaming for sustainable development of Nigerian women. Mrs Buhari said this on Wednesday when a Coalition of All Progressives Congress… In "News"