A member of the House of Representatives, Oluwole Oke, has appealed to aggrieved members of the Peoples Democratic Party in Osun State to sheathe their swords and work as a strong force to ensure that the party wins the forthcoming governorship election in the state.  Oke, who is representing the Obokun/Oriade Federal Constituency of Osun State in the National Assembly, called on Senator Francis Fadahunsi, the only senator on the platform of the PDP in the state, to quickly rise up to the challenge and unite all the factions of the party in the interest of all stakeholders.In a statement he issued on Monday and titled, ‘Allow peace, unity in Osun PDP’, Oke also said Fadahunsi, with his current position, should automatically be the leader of the party in the state. The lawmaker added that by tradition and convention, Senator Ademola Adeleke, being the candidate of the PDP in the last governorship election in the state, ought to have been the adopted candidate for the forthcoming poll this year. Oke, who is the Chairman of the House Committee on Public Accounts, said, “In the interest of our great party, the PDP, I am appealing to all feuding factions in Osun State to sheathe their swords and embrace peace, so that the party’s bright chances will not be scuttled and its resounding goodwill will not be squandered in the forthcoming governorship election. “Senator Francis Adenigba Fadahunsi, as the only senator on the platform of the party from Osun State, is the leader of the party in the state, while by tradition, practices and convention, Senator Ademola Adeleke, being the erstwhile gubernatorial candidate of the party in the 2019 election, ought to have been adopted, save for if he declined such adoption.” The lawmaker pointed out that there was no better time than now for all party chieftains, stalwarts and stakeholders to come together and nip in the bud “the looming disaster waiting to consume the party due to selfish interest of some members, which must not be allowed to happen.” While noting the vantage position of Fadahunsi’s emergence from Ijesaland to unite the party, Oke appealed to the senator to bring his weight, position and office to bear and genuinely reconcile all the factions. According to the lawmaker, once all the aggrieved PDP members are able to resolve their differences, future elections will favour the party.Oke stated that as a first step towards permanent peace, all aggrieved members, who had pending court cases against the PDP, should withdraw them immediately in the interest of peaceful reconciliation. “Every party faithful stands to reap bountifully if the PDP wins the forthcoming governorship election in the state; the Ife/Ijesa zone might even clinch the deputy governorship ticket of the party,” he added.  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post)- The newly elected governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in Osun state, Senator Ademola Adeleke has expressed appreciation for the support received during the governorship primaries of the party and assured that his emergence In a message he personally signed, Adeleke affirmed that… In "News" The Southwest chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has been hit by crisis, following irreconcilable differences between its zonal leader, Oyo State Governor Seyi Makinde and former Ekiti State Governor Ayodele Fayose. The bone of contention is the outcome of the Ekiti PDP parallel congresses, which produced two chairmen,… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has rejected the inclusion of Hon Justice J.O.K Oyewole as the member of Osun State governorship election appeal panel. The party which alleged that Hon. Justice Oyewole has strong connections with the All Progressives Congress (APC), which is… In "Top Stories"