There was a mild drama at Super Eagles camp in Cameroon as attacker Kelechi Iheanacho was seen dragging Henry Onyekuru near an elevator.  The video of the drama surfaced on social media on Monday. In what appears as a play, the two players were seen holding one another. While they held themselves, goalkeeper Francis Uzor was seen recording the scene. Also, midfielder Wifred Ndidi and other players were seen laughing before the video ended abruptly. The video generated reactions from Nigerians on social media with some saying the drama was needless. A few minutes after the video trended on social media, Super Eagles debunked that a fight broke out. Via their official Instagram handle, the team said the players were only catching fun. “There was no fight anywhere, guys were having fun,” the team posted. The Confederation of African Football and the Local Organising Committee on had urged the team to be disciplined while formally receiving the three–time champions Nigeria to the 33rd edition of the Africa Cup of Nations taking place in the Republic of Cameroon 9th January – 6th February. Nigeria’s Leader of Delegation, Alhaji Ibrahim Gusau assured that the Nigerian team will display high level of discipline during the championship. Nigeria will take on seven–time champions Egypt, Sudan and debutants Guinea Bissau in the group phase of their 19th appaearance in the Africa Cup of Nations, with the Stade Roumdé Adjia in Garoua the venue for all their matches. In 18 previous appearances at the AFCON, Nigeria has made 15 podium appearances. The Eagles file out against the Pharaohs, in what is potentially the pick of the group’s battles, at the Stade Roumdé Adjia as from 5pm Cameroon time on Tuesday. Nigeria is led by Augustine Eguavoen, who was on-field captain when the Eagles won the title in Tunisia in 1994, and then coached the Eagles to third place in Egypt 12 years later. In 2004, he was assistant to Coach Christian Chukwu when the Eagles picked up the bronze medals in Tunisia. Soft–spoken but tactically astute, Eguavoen is the only man to have coached Nigeria to win all three group phase matches at the AFCON – when they defeated Ghana, Zimbabwe and Senegal in Port Said at the 2006 finals in Egypt.His team also bundled out Cup holders Tunisia after a pulsating penalty shootout in the quarter finals.  Source ABUJA (Sundiata Post) Nike have used their official YouTube channel to do a reveal of the new Nigeria jersey designs for the Super Eagles’ Russia 2018 World Cup campaign. In a Nike Football video Completesportsnigeria.com viewed on Wednesday, Super Eagles stars Mikel Obi, Wilfred Ndidi, Alex Iwobi and Kelechi Iheanacho… In "Sports" The former Nigeria player has praised the Super Eagles coach’s decision to leave out the Seattle Sounder star from the national team while making a case for Iheanacho's call-up. Former Nigeria goalkeeper Emmanuel Babayaro has thumbed up coach Stephen Keshi’s decision not to recall Obafemi Martins to the Super Eagles.… In "Sports" Abuja- Flying Eagles’ Head Coach Manu Garba on Saturday expressed optimism that striker Kelechi Iheanacho could still join the team ahead of the 2015 African Youth Championship (AYC). Garba told newsmen in Abuja on the sidelines of the 2014/2015 Glo Premier Super 4 Invitational Tournament that if Iheanacho’s injury healed… In "Sports"