 The Adamawa State Emergency Management Agency(ADSEMA ) has commenced distribution of over 33,000 litres of liquid fertilizers to no fewer than 100,000 farmers affected by floods and conflicts in the state.Dr. Mohammed Sulaiman, Executive Secretary of the agency, disclosed this at the commencement of the distribution on Saturday, in Yola.Sulaiman said the intervention was a donation from the federal government, through the National Emergency Management Agency ( NEMA), as assistance to victims of the 2019 floods and conflicts in the state.” The liquid fertilisers was a donation from the federal government for the victims of the 2019 flood and conflicts in the state.” So far, we have registered about 100,000 victims of the 2019 flood and conflicts who will benefit from the intervention. ” The Agency has put effective mechanisms in place, to ensure only those registered benefited”. Sulaiman said. Mr. Umar Daware, Commissioner of Agriculture in the state, earlier thanked the federal government for the gigantic intervention. Daware said that the intervention would go a long way in assisting the flood and conflicts victims in the state. The commissioner, however, warned the beneficiaries against selling the commodity, saying that they should use it to improve their food production. (NAN) By Emmanuel AntswenMakurdi - The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) on Thursday commenced the distribution of 226 trucks of fertilisers for disaster victims in Benue. Dr Martins Ejike, the Head of the NEMA team in Benue, said in Makurdi that 23, 000 farmers were affected in the 2018 flood and… In "News" By Rita Iliya Minna - The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), in Niger has flagged off the distribution of farm inputs to 12,243 farmers whose farmlands were washed away by 2018 flood in the state. Mrs Lydia Wagami, Head of Operations, NEMA in Minna Operations Office, said that the farmers… In "News" By Kola Adeyemi Lokoja - The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) has flagged off distribution of free fertilisers to farmers that lost their farmlands to the 2018 flood in Kogi. Mr Oluwatope Ajayi, the agency’s Team Leader for Emergency Agricultural Intervention Fund (EAIF) in the state, made this known on… In "News"