Cyprian Amuzie, a season sports administrator and long-time member of the Anambra State Football Association, is dead. Chijioke Onyedika, Secretary of the association, confirmed the death of Amuzie to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Awka on Tuesday. Amuzie, a retired director and acting permanent secretary in the defunct Anambra Ministry of Youths and Sports, was the founding father of Anambra Referees Association. According to Onyedika, members of the deceased family informed the association of his death. “It is sad we lost him,” he said. Victor Nwangu, a veteran football administrator and colleague of the deceased at the state Ministry of Sports, described his death as a colossal loss to the sports community. Nwangu said that Amuzie was one of the few oracles alive that could be consulted on any area of sports in the state, having served as Club chairman (Jasper United), FA secretary in the old and new Anambra, as well as director in the then ministry of sports. He said that Amuzie was passionate about sports years after retirement until his death, saying Anambra has lost one of its best in sports. “I am disarmed by the news of his death, he was an oracle of sort and the sports community in Anambra has been hard hit. “There are not many of them that we can go to here, he has a lot to offer but it is sad that his experience was neglected,” he said. Also, Jude Obikwelu, a long-time chairman, Anambra Referees Association, said the body is saddened by the demise of Amuzie. Obikwelu, member of the football association and Anambra Referees Council, said that the body has lost one of its founding fathers and elder, saying “may his gentle soul rest in perfect peace. Awka- The Anambra Football Association (AFA) on Monday in Awka announced the removal of Mike Umeh as its board chairman. Umeh’s removal was announced in the communiqué issued after the association’s board meeting held Monday in Awka, signed by the drafting committee chairman, Albert Chinwe. ``Chief Mike Umeh in spite… In "Sports" Lagos - The remains of the late Austin Akosa, a former spokesman of the West African Football Union (WAFU), has been buried at his family compound at Ogbeoza, Inland Town, Onitsha, Anambra. Akosa, 75, who died on Jan. 16, was survived by wives, children and relatives. Pastor David Chukwura of… In "Sports" Lagos  -  The remains of the late Austin Akosa, a former spokesman of the West African Football Union (WAFU), has been buried at the family compound at Ogbeoza, Inland Town, Onitsha, Anambra. Akosa, 75, who died on Jan. 16, was survived by wives, children and relatives. Pastor David Chukwura of… In "Metro"