Senator Rochas Okorocha, former governor of Imo State on Wednesday joined the growing ranks of those who want to succeed Muhammadu Buhari as President of Nigeria.  Okorocha formally declared his intention to run for the presidency in 2023 on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to his colleagues in the Senate. AdvertisementCustom TextHe made his intention known in a letter to the Senate President which was read by Ahmad Lawan at plenary. Okorocha said he will address a world press conference on Monday, January 31, 2022 to officially declare his ambition to contest the presidency. Recall that the former governor of Imo state had earlier stated in 2018, when he was still the governor of the state that he will succeed President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023. He made the statement when he hosted some political stakeholders at the state government house in Owerri. According to Okorocha, “Buhari’s declaration for a second term was a good development, he added that Buhari will win again and again and after Buhari, the turn will come to south-east and it will be the turn of Okorocha,” Indications emerged at the weekend in Abuja that a senator representing Imo West, Owelle Rochas Okorocha is set to join the league of All Progressives Congress APC chieftains who have declared interest to take over from President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023. Feelers from the Buhari House national secretariat of the party point to the fact that the senator has been meeting with several stakeholders including those outside partisan politics. Some of those who have declared their ambitions so far are business tycoon, Chief Moses Chia Ayom from Benue state; Kogi state Governor, Yahaya Bello; a national leader of the party, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu; Ebonyi state Governor, Dave Umahi; Senate Chief Whip, Orji Uzor Kalu; and youth activist, Ikechukwu Dallas Chima. Although Vice President Yemi Osinbajo is yet to indicate interest, there are some interest groups urging him to make his ambition public. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senator representing Imo West Senatorial District in the Senate and former Imo State governor, Rochas Okorocha, on Monday said he is on the same page with Southern Governors on the Southern Presidency. He also expressed fear that the All Progressives Congress would be… In "Top Stories" THE Peoples Democratic Party on Monday accused the Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodimma, and a former governor of the state, Rochas Okorocha, of turning the state into a war zone. The PDP spokesperson in the state, Ogubundu Nwadike, in a statement on Monday said the clash between the supporters of… In "Features" Abuja （Sundiata Post）-  Imo State Governor of Imo State, Chief Rochas Okorocha, has confirmed that Alhaji Atiku Abubakar leaving the ruling All Progressives Congress was not a good development for the party. Atiku who was a former Vice President of Nigeria recently defected from the ruling party to join the… In "Top Stories"