The Indomitable Lions of Cameroon have a full squad of 28 players in camp following the late arrivals of skipper Vincent Aboubakar and midfielder Andrea James Lea Siliki on Sunday evening. Both players were the last to join the camp at the Mundi Multi Sports Complex due to club commitments, which extended into the final weekend of December 2021.ADVERTISING Cameroon’s Portuguese Coach, António Conceiçao had Siliki amongst the 24 players who took part in a routine training session on Monday, while Aboubakar who featured in two games in five days in the last week of December for Saudi Arabian side Al Nasr was given permission to rest.[ALSO READ] AFCON 2021: Morocco join early birds in Cameroon Cameroon’s camp opened on December 27 with 19 players and completed a full house just a week from their Group A opener against Burkina Faso. Group rivals, Ethiopia are already in Cameroon while Burkina Faso are scheduled to jet in on Tuesday and Cape Verde 24 hours after. The Indomitable Lions observes one training session daily in preparations for the continent’s showpiece. The five-time Champions will battle Burkina Faso, Ethiopia and Cape Verde in the quest to advance from Group A in the preliminary stages. Abuja  -   Minnows Guinea-Bissau made a memorable start to the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) on Saturday as a late Juary Soares equaliser saw them hold hosts Gabon to a 1-1 draw. According to CAF website reports, Soares headed home for the tournament debutants in the 90th minute of… In "Sports" By Mark Gleeson LIBREVILLE   - Burkina Faso and Cameroon booked semi-final berths at the African Nations Cup on Saturday as another page was ripped out of the form book when the latest favourites for the tournament were eliminated. Sadio Mane, one of the star attractions in Gabon, was the… In "Sports" By Mark Gleeson LIBREVILLE (Reuters) - Vincent Aboubakar scored a brilliant late goal to hand unfancied Cameroon a 2-1 come-from-behind victory over Egypt and their fifth African Nations Cup title in an entertaining final on Sunday. Cameroon, who had eight of their players withdraw before the tournament, came from a… In "Sports"