By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The 6 Division of Nigerian Army has commended the Headquarters Nigerian Army for the appointment of Maj Gen Olufemi Oluyede as the new General Officer Commanding 6 Division NA and Land Component Commander Operation Delta Safe at the recent redeployment of Senior military Officers in the Nigerian Army. The Handing and Taking over command took place on Monday 17 January 2022 between the outgoing General Officer Commanding and Land Component Commander Operation Delta Safe Maj Gen Sani Mohammed and Maj Gen Olufemi Oluyede the incoming. In his farewell speech, Maj Gen Sani Mohammed appluaded the commanders under him saying it was a pleasure working with them. He urged the officers to work hard and do their best in supporting the new GOC to ensure that the vision of the Division is achieved. Speaking after taking over, the new GOC thanked God for giving him the privilege to serve in 6 Division as he solicited for cooperation and commitment from Commanders of the Division to enable him succeed in his newly assigned tasks. Present at the event include Bde Commanders and Senior Officers of 6 Division Affiliated Formations and Units. Highlights of the ceremony includes the signing of the Handing and Taking over notes, decoration of the new GOC with the Division’s insignia, handing over of the command flag by the outgoing GOC to his successor and inspection of Quarter Guard. By Johnson Eyiangho Abuja -  Some Principal Officers from the Defence and Army Headquarters, Corps Commander and General Officers Commanding (GOCs) have been moved in a posting and redeployment announced by the Nigerian Army on Friday. According to a statement by Brig.-Gen Sani Usman, the posting and appointments affected 399… In "News" Army Redeploys Irabor, Theatre Commander, 146 Others In "News" By Johnson Eyiangho Abuja -  Maj.-Gen. Abba Dikko has been appointed the new Commander, Operation Lafiya Dole in Maiduguri, in a major redeployment of senior officers announced by the Nigerian Army on Friday. The army announced the appointment of Dikko in a statement issued by its spokesman, Brig.-Gen. Texas Chukwu.… In "News"