A group of women activists, under the aegis of “Women for Secured Nation”, has urgedthe president of the African Development Bank (AfDB), Dr Akinwumi Adesina, to run for the office of Nigerian President in 2023. The group made the call in a statement by its Media and Publicity Director, Mrs Judith Onyekwere, on Sunday  in Benin. The group described Adesina as the best material that would bring the nation back to relevance, stability and productive economic growth. “At this point we don’t just need a politician as president, we need an expert, a technocrat with multinational connection and proven integrity”. They said Adesina’s experience and track record of achievements, both in Nigeria and beyond, are undisputable assets which any nation, desirous of growth, could not compromise. Onyekwere, who described the body as non-political, non-partisan, and non-religious but a conglomeration of Nigerian women cutting across all professions, “is desirous in seeing an upward looking nation with secured economy that could engage our children better and strengthen our middle class for productivity. “This is why we are calling on Nigeria’s former Agriculture minister to take up the challenge, as call to service, to help rescue Nigeria from it’s current predicament. “We can no longer wait for career politicians to drive our national ship to wreck before we call for a rescue. “At this point, the Nigerian citizens should rise up to help the various political parties to get their candidates, devoid of all tricks, in the interest of our collective future” The group said in their statement that Nigeria is desirous of “someone to help revamp and grow its economy, drive faster-paced economic growth and development, inspire the youth, create jobs and solve insecurity challenges. “Someone who can help grow the private sector and attract investments to create wealth. Someone who will help the constituent states of Nigeria to grow their economies and assure decentralized economic development and drive for fiscal, economic and political empowerment of the states. “Someone who is de-tribalized and able to manage diversity. Someone who will drive inclusiveness and assure national unity and coherence. “Someone who has a record of transparency, integrity and good governance and will be well respected and trusted across Nigeria. “Someone with a solid track record of achievements and getting things done. Someone who can work effectively globally and give Nigeria a much-needed global standing on critical global and Africa agendas. “Someone who will prepare Nigeria for the 21st century as a globally competitive and prosperous nation. Someone who can work effectively with and will be trusted by other leaders in Africa.” The group has called on Adesina to “commence giving the calls by Nigerians to serve the nation in the capacity of its president the most desired thought, in the interest of all”. The Coalition of Southern Groups has demanded an apology from Raymond Dokpesi, the Chairman of Daar Communications. The group gave Dokpesi 48 hours to apologise to southerners over a comment the latter made in support of the Northern presidency. Some days ago, Dokpesi told journalists that he was supporting a… In "News" By Idris Abdulrahman Busan (South Korea) -  The Federal Government has renewed its agreement with the African Development Bank (AfDB) on the Nigeria Trust Fund (NTF) for additional 10 years. President of the Bank, Dr Akinwumi Adesina, announced the renewal on Monday in Busan, South Korea, at the inaugural news… In "Business" •Dr Akinwunmi Adesina ABUJA - The United States has demanded a fresh probe of the president of African Development Bank, Akinwumi Adesina, over allegations leveled against him. Bloomberg reports that Adesina was accused by a group of unidentified whistleblowers of handing contracts to acquaintances and appointing relatives to strategic positions… In "News"