By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Troops of 120 Task Force Battalion, Sector 2, Joint Task Force(JTF), North East(NE) Operation HADIN KAI(OPHK) in conjunction with members of the Civilian Joint Task Force(CJTF) in consolidating on their operational feat against Boko Haram(BH) and Islamic State West Africa Province Terrorists (ISWAP) have eliminated the criminal elements in a fierce encounter at Goniri, Yobe State on Saturday 29 January 2022. In a clearance operation code named “Operation DOMINANCE I, along the insurgents’ route of manouvre at Ngirbua village, the gallant troops neutralized two BH/ISWAP terrorists following a ferocious battle, while others, bowing to troops’ superior firepower retreated in disarray. According to the the statement signed by the Director Army Public Relations, Brigadier General Onyema Nwachukwu, the troops recovered one AK 47 Rifle, one FN rifle and a motorcycle. These are aside other equipment recovered by troops. Meanwhile, Boko Haram and Islamic State West Africa Province Terrorists in Borno State have again sufered a bloody nose on Sunday 30 January 2022, as troops of Sector 3 Operation HADIN KAI deployed at Forward Operating Base Magumeri came in contact with the terrorists while on a fighting patrol around Mallumti general area. In the firefight that ensued, the dogged troops neutralized three terrorists and recovered three AK47 Rifles , one magazine, quantity 23 of 7.62mm special ammunition, one pick-up truck, two solar panels, seven mobile phones, food stuff and provisions, among others. The good people of Yobe and Borno states are please enjoined to support the troops with actionable information on the movement of any insurgent in their localities. The troops in conjunction with CJTF are currently, combing the general area to track down the fleeing insurgents, the statement added.  Troops of Sector 2 Joint Task Force North East Operation HADIN KAI have neutralised Boko Haram and Islamic State West Africa Province terrorists who had tried to infiltrate the ancient town of Biu, Borno State. This was disclosed in a statement signed by the Director Army Public Relations, Brigadier General… In "News" Abuja - Troops of Joint Task Force, North East(NE) Operation HADIN KAI(OPHK) have neutralized over 50 Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP) terrorists and destroyed several of their combat equipment in a fierce counter offensive in Askira Uba Local Government Area of Borno State. In the counter offensive, troops eliminated… In "Top Stories" Joint Task Force of the Nigerian Army troops engaged in battle with Boko Haram and Islamic State West Africa Province terrorist groups, killing 20 insurgents in the process. This was made known in a statement titled ‘Troops neutralise several BHT/ISWAP terrorists in Lambom forest’ released on Monday and signed by… In "News"