The Super Eagles on Tuesday had their final training session of the final Group D game against Guinea-Bissau at the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) in Cameroon. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports the training took place at the annex pitch of the Roumde Adjia Stadium in Garoua. But the session looked uneventful as the three-time champions only have as opponents on Wednesday the Wild Dogs of Guinea Bissau who  are with only one point from two games. They will take to the main pitch of Stade Roumdé Adjia from 8 p.m. needing at least a draw to finish as group leaders. During the training which started at 8.30 p.m. and lasted for about an hour, all 27 players in the squad took part. Head Coach Augustine Eguavoen supervised the session along with assistant coaches Salisu Yusuf, Paul Aigbogun, Joseph Yobo, Terry Eguaoje and Aloysius Agu. Goalkeeper trainer Alloy Agu also drilled the quartet of Maduka Okoye, Daniel Akpeyi, Francis Uzoho and John Noble. The players were however in boisterous mood as they looked forward to the game. Yusuf, Yobo and Agu put them through their paces with light jogging and stretches in the first 20 minutes. They quickly observed a one-minute water break afterwards, before going into an intensive training session in the last 40 minutes. Agu worked on the reflexes of the goalkeepers, while Yusuf, Yobo and Aigbogun put the 23 other players through some ball work exercises for 10 minutes. The players were then split into two groups in the final 30 minutes of the training as they worked on  short passes and ball control. The first group comprised of team captain Ahmed Musa, Olaoluwa Aina, Joe Aribo, Olisa Ndah, Zaidu Sanusi and Henry Onyekweru. The rest are Sadiq Umar, Chidozie Awaziem, Kenneth Omeruo, Samuel Chukwueze, Moses Simon, Taiwo Awoniyi and Frank Onyeka. The second group had assistant team captain William Troost-Ekong, Kelechi Iheanacho, Oluwasemilogo Ajayi, Kelechi Nwakali, Jamilu Collins, Alex Iwobi, Wilfred Ndidi, Tyronne Ebuehi, Chidera Ejuke and Peter Olayinka. The training which started at 8.30 p.m ended at 9.30 p.m., with the team heading straight to their bus and the hotel without speaking to the media. Super Eagles striker, Victor Osimhen, has confirmed he would be fit for the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations, AFCON in Cameroon next month if selected. He made this known via his Twitter handle on Tuesday amid reports that Super Eagles officials would be meeting to decide on players to be… In "Sports" Nollywood Actor, Shile Sally, has urged the Super Eagles to extend their performance displayed against Pharaohs of Egypt on Tuesday to their match against Sudan’s Falcons of Jediane in their second group game of the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON).The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Nigeria would take… In "News" Some football enthusiasts on Friday urged the Super Eagles to ensure victory against Sudan in their second match Group D of the African Cup Nations (AFCON). The reported that the Super Eagles will take on Sudan Falcons of Jediane on Saturday at the Roumde Adjia Stadium, Garoua, Cameroon. A cross section… In "Sports"