According to a report by SaharaReporters, the Nigerian Army on Wednesday morning intercepted some armed members of the Oyo State Park Management System otherwise known as National Union Workers (NURTW) at Ita Awure/Efon Junction, Osun State.  SaharaReporters learnt that they were arrested at about 3am. The armed thugs were reportedly heading for Ekiti, to disrupt the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Primaries, slated for today. SaharaReporters gathered that the thugs were mobilised from Oyo State to prevent emergence of a certain candidate for the 2022 governorship election. The hoodlums were caught with guns, machetes, charms and others. A source alleged that the Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, was supporting emergence of a former governor of the state, Segun Oni, while the immediate past governor of the state, Peter Ayodele Fayose and a senator representing Ekiti-South senatorial district, Olubunmi Olujimi, were supporting another candidate. The Inspector-General of Police, Usman Baba, had earlier deployed additional policemen from Abuja to Ekiti State to complement personnel on the ground in the state to ensure hitch-free primary elections of the Peoples Democratic Party and the All Progressives Congress. The state Commissioner of Police, Tunde Mobayo, disclosed this on Tuesday, saying the move was “in a bid to maintain serene atmosphere and free, fair and credible governorship primary elections of the PDP and the APC.” While 11 aspirants are jostling for the PDP ticket during the indirect primary billed for Wednesday, eight aspirants are contesting for the APC’s ticket in the direct primary which will hold on Thursday. Mobayo, in a statement by the state Police Public Relations Officer, Sunday Abutu, titled “Governorship primaries – Ekiti State CP deploys adequate security, sues for peace,” reiterated the command’s readiness and deployment of adequate personnel to all voting centres and other relevant places across the state.  Source Former Ekiti State Governor Ayodele Fayose yesterday described the recent Southwest Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) congress as a scam. He alleged that the congress held in Osogbo, the Osun State capital, was rigged. Fayose alluded to intimidation, manipulation, violence and vote counting discrepancies, which he attributed to the Collation Officer,… In "Politics" According to SaharaReporters, soldiers of the Nigerian Army have raided Oyo town in Oyo State in a mass arrest of youths and residents in the aftermath of the attack on the Nigerian Correctional Service facility in Abolongo. Some residents on Saturday stated that the military personnel were harassing innocent residents… In "News" No fewer than 17 lawyers including a pregnant woman and two Senior Advocates of Nigeria on Monday escaped death from a stampede caused by armed thugs who invaded the Federal High Court in Yenagoa, the Bayelsa State capital. The hoodlums had invaded the court over the suit between Senator Heineken… In "News"