SOKOTO – The contest for the ticket of opposition Peoples Democratic Party in the forthcoming election is gathering momentum as another incumbent governor has thrown his hat into the ring. The newest entrant is Aminu Tambuwal, the Sokoto State governor. Tambuwal becomes the second serving Governor from Northern Nigeria to declare for the highest position in the country after Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State. The former Speaker of the House of Representatives made this known this evening after a high-level stakeholder meeting in Sokoto. Speaking at the declaration, Mr Tambuwal who’s also the chairman of PDP Governors Forum said he is not only well prepared but also ready to fix the numerous problem of the country as President of Nigeria. He said he has distinguished himself not only as governor but as a Speaker of the House of Reps without any blemish or corruption tag. Mr Tambuwal joins other PDP presidential aspirants including former Senate President, Anyim Pius Anyim and Sam Ohuabunwa in the race for the ticket. Tambuwal also contested for the ticket of the party in 2019 and came second during the primary election which produced former vice-President Atiku Abubakar. Aminu Tambuwal, the Sokoto state governor, has declared his intention to run for the highest political office, the presidency, in Nigeria come 2023.ADVERTISING Mr Tambuwal would be seeking to realise his ambition under the Peoples Democratic Party. The former Speaker of the House of Representatives made this known this evening… In "Politics" Sokoto state governor, Aminu Tambuwal is continuing his consultations for his presidential aspiration - The front-line Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) aspirant was in Niger state to pay respect to former President Ibrahim Babangida - Babangida gave his blessings to the aspirations of the former Speaker of the House of Representatives… In "Politics" By Innocent Odoh, James Kwen, & Tony Ailemen The high profile defections that have hit the All Progressives Congress (APC) have altered the balance of power among the country’s two main parties ahead of the 2019 elections. Before the current defections, APC was the dominant party in most parts of… In "Top Stories"