ABUJA—The Nigerian Bar Association, NBA, said yesterday it has identified seven lawyers that influenced judges to issue conflicting court orders, especially on political matters. The NBA, which is the umbrella body of legal practitioners in the country, said the seven lawyers, including a Senior Advocate of Nigeria, SAN, were found culpable by its investigate committee. Addressing newsmen in Abuja, NBA President, Mr. Olumide Apata, said the indicted lawyers would be charged before the Legal Practitioners Disciplinary Committee, LPDC, for judicial misconduct. “Some lawyers have been identified to have played roles in conflicting decisions that emanated from different courts recently. They are seven in number, including a Senior Advocate of Nigeria. “We are in the process of filing a petition against them before the LPDC. This is based on our determination to ensure that the system is protected, irrespective of those involved,” Apata added. The LPDC is the body recognised by law to take disciplinary action against lawyers accused of professional misconduct, while the NBA serves as the prosecutor in any trial before its panel. It will be recalled that the National Judicial Council, NJC, had earlier barred three high court judges from getting promotion for periods ranging from two to five years, after it found them guilty of issuing conflicting ex-parte orders. The NJC said the three judges were investigated, even though there was no written petition,on allegations of corruption or impropriety against them. Meanwhile, ahead of its 2022 Justice Sector Summit billed for Tuesday, the NBA, called for a review of the process for the appointment of judges. The legal body maintained that the extant process for selection of those to be appointed as judicial officers, is flawed. “The NBA believes that there is something not right about the way we appoint judges. The process is not rigorous or robust enough. We cannot expect such process to be beneficial to the Judiciary. “We have sent our recommendation to the NJC regarding how we think that the process should be structured to become better and more efficient. “The process needs to be standardized. While some states subject candidates to examinations, others don’t. “We have passed the era when someone will sit down in the comfort of his chamber and decide who should be appointed as a judge. There must be a clearly defined process of selecting those that should be appointed as judges, ” Apata stated. “This is why the issue of judicial appointment is one of the things that will be discussed at the summit,” Apata stated. Okonkwo, Mr. Leno Laithan, Sahara Energy Group and Midwestern Oil Limited. The EFCC said it wanted the ex-Minister to speak on several items, documents and jewelleries that were recovered from her house at No: 10 Chiluba Close off Jose Marti Street, Asokoro, Abuja, and some identified properties that are linked to her in Nigeria, UK, United States of America (USA), United Arab Emirate (UAE) and South Africa. More so, the Commission told the court that it would also require Diezani to explain her role in financing the 2015 general elections, particularly the money that were warehoused in a new generation bank in 2015, prior to the elections. Every now and again one reads about a lawyer being struck off the roll and the issue of the rules of professional conduct in our profession becomes a hot topic of discussion. Over the years we have had various Acts such as the Legal Practitioners Act 1962 which established two… In "Opinion" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN), Justice Walter Onnoghen has revealed that some lawyers engage in forgery of court judgments to get qualification for nomination for the rank of Senoir Advocate of Nigeria (SAN). Onnoghen disclosed this on Monday while speaking at a special… In "News" The National Executive Council of the Nigerian Bar Association has resolved to file a petition against the Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN), and Mr Emmanuel Iyanna, the Chief Magistrate in Abuja, who issued a search warrant for security officials to search the home of… In "News"