THE Nigerian Ethnic Youth Leaders Council, NEYLC, has commended the Governor of Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, Dr Godwin Emefiele, over what it described as the apex bank’s numerous pro-youth empowerment programmes. The council, which is made up of Arewa Consultative Youth Movement, Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Movement, Oduduwa Youths and Middle Belt Youth, made its position known in a statement on Monday. In the statement signed by the Ohanaeze Secretary-General and Head of Coalition’s secretariat, Nwada Ike Chiamaka, the organisation noted that since his assumption of office,” Dr Emefiele has repositioned the apex bank in a way that it caters for the teeming Nigerian youths with a view to empowering them economically.” According to the group, the “CBN’s interventions under Emefiele are complimentary of the efforts of the President Muhammadu Buhari administration’s change agenda in the economic sector.” The statement said the group was already planning a thank-you visit to the corporate headquarters of the apex bank in Abuja during which the highly elated youths will formally express their appreciation to Emefiele and his management team. “It is not in doubt that the CBN under the leadership of DR. Emefiele has taken the issues of Nigerian youths very seriously with the laudable programmes it has been introducing. “It is, therefore, appropriate that we, as youths from a different ethnic background, express our appreciation to him and his management team. “A thank-you visit is already being planned for this and we hope it will hold as soon as we get the go-ahead from the management of the apex bank. “We shall be using the opportunity of the meeting to express our gratitude to Emefiele and his management team. It is true that Nigerian youths have not had it so good then now and we shall be making this known during the visit,” the statement read. Ohanaeze Youths Council have called for the unconditional release of the leader of Islamic Movement in Nigeria, El-Zakzaky and other detainees who have been granted bail by various courts across the country. The group made this known through a press statement by its President-General, Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro. It urged President… In "News" The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council worldwide, OYC, on Sunday described the series of consultations between Acting President Yemi Osinbajo and some Northern and South-East leaders as faulty and unproductive. The youths in a statement by the OYC publicity secretary, Mr. Obinna Adibe said holding such meetings without involving the youths… In "News" Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Arewa Consultative Youth Movement, Niger Delta Youth Council, Oduduwa Youth Forum, and Middle Belt Forum have lauded the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) for instituting the Healthcare Sector Research and Development Intervention Scheme. The ethnic advocacy groups noted that the move will make Nigeria a global vaccine development… In "Health"