A 17-count charge of fraud has been filed against a former Imo State Governor, Rochas Okorocha.  The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, on Monday filed the charges before a federal high court in Abuja. Okorocha currently represents Imo West Senatorial District in the senate. The anti-graft agency claimed that the former Governor of Imo State conspired with others, including a member of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and five companies, to steal N2.9 billion public funds. Apart from Okorocha, other defendants are Anyim Nyerere Chinenye, Naphtali International Limited, Perfect Finish Multi Projects Limited, Consolid Projects Consulting Limited, Pramif International Limited, and Legend World Concepts Limited. This is coming after Okorocha officially announced his intention to run in the 2023 general elections. The Imo West Senator made his declaration on Monday at the International Conference Centre, Abuja. The presidential aspirant in his statement promised that if elected, he would make education free and compulsory, especially from primary to secondary school levels.  Source By Eniola Akinkuotu Ahead of May 29, 2019, handover date to newly-elected states helmsmen, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission has set up teams to probe some governors accused of perpetrating acts of corruption, SUNDAY PUNCHPUNCH has learnt. At least 12 states will have new governors on May 29 after the… In "News" Senator Rochas Okorocha, former governor of Imo State on Wednesday joined the growing ranks of those who want to succeed Muhammadu Buhari as President of Nigeria. Okorocha formally declared his intention to run for the presidency in 2023 on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to his colleagues… In "Politics" The Federal High Court, Abuja, on Wednesday, fixed Nov. 17 to hear application challenging its jurisdiction in the suit filed by former Imo Gov., Rochas Okorocha, against the state government and others.Justice Mohammed fixed the date after Okorochas’ counsel, Oba Maduabuchi, SAN, moved for an adjournment on the ground that… In "News"