….. To deploy 12,000 ad hoc staff By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Independent National Electoral Commission has assured the candidates participating in the forthcoming election in FCT that it will provide level playing field for all. This is also as it has said it would deploy 12,000 ad hoc personnel for the February 12, 2022 area council election. The INEC’s Resident Electoral Commissioner, Yahaya Bello, gave the assurance on Wednesday in Abuja. Bello, represented by the Administrative Secretary of INEC in the FCT, Waziri Zannah, stated this during a town hall meeting with women groups and gender-focused civil society organisations in Abuja organised by INEC in collaboration with European Center for Electoral Support While expressing the commission’s readiness to conduct a free and fair poll in the FCT, he charged women groups to sensitise and mobilise other women and youth to come out during the election, and vote for their preferred candidates. Bello said, “It’s high time women to out en-mass and participate in the electoral process. The commission provides a level playing ground for both women and men and eligible voters. INEC will count everyone’s vote and will also be transparent in all we do concerning the election. The Independent National Electoral Commission would deploy 12,000 ad hoc personnel for the February 12, 2022 area council election in the Federal Capital Territory, its Resident Electoral Commissioner, Yahaya Bello, said on Wednesday. He also assured that INEC would provide a level playing field for candidates participating in the election.… In "News" By NAN Prof. Lai Olurode, INEC National Commissioner in charge of Training and Research, says that the commission has recruited 12,000 NYSC members as ad hoc staff for the Nov. 16 governorship election in Anambra. He told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja on Tuesday that training of the… In "Politics" By NAN Prof. Lai Olurode, INEC National Commissioner in charge of Training and Research, says that the commission has recruited 12,000 NYSC members as ad hoc staff for the Nov. 16 governorship election in Anambra. He told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja on Tuesday that training of the… In "News"