 Ibom Consolidated Forum for Sustainable Development (ICFSD), a socio-political group, has recommended Rep. Onofiok Luke, Chairman, Committee on Judiciary, for governorship post of Akwa Ibom in 2023. This is contained in a statement issued by Jeremiah Awak, the Group’s National Secretary adviser on Saturday in Abuja. Luke represents Etinan, Nsit Ibom and Nsit Ubium Federal Constituency in Akwa Ibom. Awak said the statement was a follow up to the communiqué issued seven days ago after the Forum’s town hall meeting in Uyo. According to him, it became imperative for the group to play a prominent role in the best interest of the state by foraging and selecting a credible governorship candidate for 2023 elections. The statement noted that the group was seeking a worthy candidate who would be trusted to consolidate and build on the achievements of the past and the present administrations in the state. Awak said the people needed a home-grown candidate with sterling qualities who had a popular appeal whom the youths could gravitate towards. Most importantly, the forum cherished the peace, unity and security of the state and desired someone who would maintain and foster all these for posterity. “We have stable ethnic groups in Akwa Ibom due to our support for pluralism which enhances tolerance and a tradition that expunges separatism, as well as a culture that promotes interdependence. “As a result of this, there has never been reported strife among our people as the common denominator of cultures and ethnicity remain intact. “As another election year draws close, we decided to opt for someone we all know and trust, whose word is his bond and we found these qualities in Onofiok Luke,’’ the statement read. The group further identified the lawmaker not only as a politician with sagacity who had received several awards and honours as a result of his philanthropic gestures, but also as a technocrat. The statement also enumerated Luke’s political history and several of his achievements up till date as the Chairman, House of Representatives Committee on Judiciary. “His voice is always very vocal on the floor of the house and has attracted many projects to his constituency. “As Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, he has canvassed for positive and transformational reforms in the nation’s Judiciary and justice system through bills, motions, stakeholders’ engagements and public advocacies,’’ the statement read. (NAN) Isaiah Eka Etinan - Mr Onofiok Luke, Speaker, Akwa Ibom House of Assembly (PDP) has emerged the winner of Saturday’s Etinan Federal Constituency election. Announcing the result, the Returning Officer, Prof. Isongesit Solomon, said on Sunday that Luke polled 44,830 votes to defeat his closest rival, Mr Dan Akpan of the… In "News" The picture is becoming clearer about the fatal shooting of an Akwa Ibom man on November 7 at a marriage ceremony attended by Governor Udom Emmanuel. Mr Emmanuel reportedly left the event venue at Ndiya Ikot Ukap, Nsit Ubium, Akwa Ibom, before the shooting. Both the police and the Akwa… In "Metro" Over 800 APC Members Defect To PDP In A’Ibom In "Politics"