The founder of #RevolutionNow Movement, Omoyele Sowore, has given the Federal Government seven days to reactivate his National Identity Number.  Failure to do this, the activist theeatened to sue the Nigerian government. This was contained in a pre-litigation notice written to the Attorney General of Nigeria and other Federal Government’s agencies by his lawyer,Tope Temokun, on Friday. Sowore ealier raised an alarm that the Federal Government had deactivated all his means of identification. The pre-action notice read in part, “In furtherance to the establishment of the National Identity Database, our Client presented himself for registration and was duly registered and his personal data captured and was issued a National Identity Card containing his National Identity Number by the National Identity Management Commission. “Since the issuance of his National Identity Number, he has been using it to perform various transactions as stipulated by Section 27 of the National Identity Management Commission Act 2007, to wit: Application for and issuance of a passport, Opening of bank account, Registration with INEC and issuance of voter’s card, etc. “On the 12th of January 2022, when he wanted to use his National Identity Number to effect certain banking transaction, he discovered to his greatest consternation that his National Identity Number has been deactivated from the National Identity Database. “No notice was issued to him neither did he receive any message from the National Identity Management Commission concerning the deactivation of his National Identity Number. “The deactivation of his National Identity Number is politically motivated to stop him from participating in the 2023 generation elections. “The action of the Commission to deactivate his National Identity Number amounts to depriving him of his citizenship and national identity. “It is against this background that we write to you to demand that our Client’s National Identity Number be reactivated with immediate effect. “TAKE NOTICE that if after the expiration of SEVEN DAYS, inclusive of the date of service of this letter on you, our Client’s National Identity Number is not reactivated, we have the full instruction of our Client to approach the appropriate Court with jurisdiction to seek this redress and this shall be without further recourse to you. “TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that this letter is also issued to you as a Pre-Action Notice.”  Source As millions of Nigerians struggle to enrol for the National Identification Number (NIN), the Federal Government has revealed the next step it will take should there be another lockdown. The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami, who featured as a guest on Politics Today, noted that the… In "News" The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, has described as false a media report accusing him of illegally raising funds to build a police training school in Nasarawa State. Denying the August 3, 2020 report published by SaharaReporters, the IG, through his lawyer, Dr Alex Izinyon (SAN), threatened to file a… In "News" A witness has narrated how operatives of Nigeria’s secret police, the SSS, arrested Omoyele Sowore, a Nigerian newspaper publisher and activist. Mr Sowore was arrested in Lagos at about 1:30 a.m. Saturday, according to a terse message on his Twitter handle. The arrest comes barely two days before a planned… In "News"