The Federal High Court in Abuja has adjourned Nnamdi Kanu’s case till February 16.  The court said it will consider the application filed by the defence lawyer, Mike Ozekhome, SAN on the above date. Nnamdi Kanu had earlier pleaded not guilty to the FG’s amended charges. The Prosecution lawyer insisted that the FG was ready to go on with the case and have two witnesses in Court. However, Mike Ozekhome filed an application to quash all charges against his client and also filed an application for bail, a move Labaran Magaji (lawyer to the FG) countered that he only received the application this morning and the main trial should continue. Ozekhome had filed an application that the charges should be dismissed for lack of merit and that his client, Kanu be freed. Justice Binta Nyako said the Prosecution lawyer must serve the defence lawyer at least five days before the hearing. She therefore, adjourned until February 16 to look into the application seeking to quash all charges before the main trial commences.  Source The self-proclaimed leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, was arrested on October 14, 2015, by operatives of the Department of State Services (DSS) at a hotel in Lagos. In a court document filed later by the DSS, its operative, Temisan John, who led the team… In "News" •Nnamdi Kanu ABUJA - The Federal High Court sitting in Abuja, on Tuesday, adjourned further proceedings in the case against the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, till Wednesday, Vanguard reports The adjournment followed Kanu’s complaint that the Federal Government failed to promptly serve him… In "Top Stories" By Teddy Nwanunobi Abuja (Sundiata Post) — Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, was, on Tuesday, granted bail on health reasons in an Abuja Federal High Court 4 presided over by Justice Binta Nyako. Nyako, however, denied bail to three other pro-Biafra agitators, Chidiebere Onwudiwe, Benjamin Madubugwu… In "Top Stories"