Toyin Abraham, the Nollywood star, has revealed that she once wanted to end her acting career when she relocated to the United States years ago.  The actress took to her Instagram page on Thursday to reflect on those “very dark times” in her life, where she was almost giving up her fame because she was tired. She wrote, “A few years ago, during very dark times in my life, I packed up my bags and left for USA. On getting to the US, I made up my mind that I was done with fame and everything that comes with it. I was ready to quit and be done with my career.” The motive of her post was to celebrate one Wale Olaleye, who helped her to embrace her career and go back to acting during those times of her life. Revealing how she met Olaleye, she said, “One day, I got a call from a friend, Dotun, who asked me if I was coming back to Nigeria. I told him I wasn’t and that I was done. “He then told me someone was going to call me. Shortly after, I received a call from Wale Olaleye. He asked me what happened and I explained everything to him. I told him I was tired. “Mr Wale said, ‘Toyin, you have a beautiful career, you have the most adorable career. You can’t just abandon your career’. “He went on to tell me not to worry and that he was going to support me and stand by me. He insisted I return to Nigeria. When I returned, Wale got me a PR Team and a lawyer without collecting a dime from me. He footed all my bills. “And because of this, I’m thriving in my career and standing on my feet. Since then, he’s never wavered in his support. “Just last year when someone tried to talk down on my movie The Ghost and the Tout Too, Wale went to watch it, told me it was a beautiful movie. “He also told me where and what to work on for my next movie and I promised him to fix things.” Appreciating him, she added, “I just want to say thank you to you so much and God bless you. I’ll never forget our journey.” Source Toyin Abraham is yet to congratulate Wumi Toriola who recently welcomed a baby boy in the US. Many celebrities have been on social media congratulating Wumi Toriola on the arrival of her baby. They also shared pictures showing her cuddling the baby while on the delivery bed at the hospital.… In "Entertainment" Nollywood is about to experience a legal battle between two of her top actresses, in the persons of Toyin Abraham and Lizzy Anjorin. The two movie stars haven’t been best of friends for a while now and apparently, their fight has reached a legal climax. Recall, Lizzy Anjorin had earlier… In "Entertainment" America-based Nigerian controversial soft-porn star, Judith Mazagwu, popularly known as Afrocandy, has been in the country for a while now. The mother of two girls is in the country to put finishing touches to her new film, Queen of Zamunda. She spoke with Vanguard's Juliet Ebirim and Iyabo Aina In… In "Style"