Six persons have been reported dead after a crush at Olembe Stadium that hosted Cameroon and Comoros in the Cameroonian capital Yaounde during an Africa Cup of Nations match on Monday.  In a video that surfaced online, football fans were seen struggling to get access to the stadium. A Cameroon-based television, CRTV, reported that “half a dozen deaths and dozens have been injured”. Confederation of African Football confirmed the incident in a statement, saying that investigation is ongoing. The statement read, “CAF is aware of the incident that took place at Olembe Stadium during the TotalEnergies Africa Cup of Nations fixture between hosts Cameroon and Comoros tonight, 24 January 2022. “CAF is currently investigating the situation and trying to get more details on what transpired. We are in constant communication with Cameroon government and the Local Organizing Committee. “Tonight, the CAF President Dr Patrice Motsepe sent the General Secretary, Veron Mosengo-Omba to visit the supporters in hospital in Yaoundé.”   Source The TotalEnergies Africa Cup of Nations will for the first time in the history of the competition use the Video Assistant Referee (VAR) for all 52 matches of the tournament starting in Cameroon this weekend. The competition will kick-off on Sunday, 09 January 2022 with hosts Cameroon playing Burkina Faso… In "News" ABUJA - Nigeria's home-based Super Eagles on Tuesday secured a dicey draw, while hosts Rwanda were handed a tricky one for next year’s African Nations Championship (CHAN) tagged ``Rwanda 2016''. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the competition which is now in its fourth edition is for footballers… In "Sports" The 2019 Africa Cup of Nations starts today in Egypt. The spectacular biannual African football competition has always been known to be exciting, intriguing captivating and filled with surprises. However, this year’s promises to be no different. The 2019 African Cup of Nations will feature “24 countries” for the first… In "Sports"