 Eko Electricity Distribution Company (EKEDC) and Ikeja Electric (IE) Plc have attributed the outage currently being experienced by customers under their networks to a drop in power generation.The DisCos made this known in statements issued on their social media pages on Saturday, regarding the state of power supply to their customers.EKEDC said the reduction in supply was due to the drop in power generation from an average of 3,700MW to 2,000MW per hour.The DisCo said this was caused by gas limitations arising from vandalism, and more recently an issue affecting Transmission Company of Nigeria (TCN) line from the Egbin Power Plant.“We apologize for the inconvenience this may have caused and assure you that we are working with our generation and transmission partners to ensure that stable supply is achieved within the shortest possible time.“We equally commenced major network rehabilitation and relief projects within our network two weeks ago that will significantly improve our services to our dear customers,” EKEDC said.Similarly, Ikeja Electric said power outage is being experienced in certain parts of its network due to load shedding by TCN as a result of drop in power generation.The DisCo said the affected areas are Iju, Abule Odu, Egbeda, Oregun, Anifowoshe, Ago, Okota, Oke Afa, Ajao, Amuwo, Ikosi, Mende, Ogudu, Bariga, Oworo, Gbagada and Ilupeju.“We regret the inconvenience and wish to assure that our technical team is working with other partners in the electricity value chain to improve the situation.“Normalcy will be restored as soon as stability is achieved,” Ikeja Electric said. (NAN) By Yusuf Yunus Lagos - The nation’s power generation capacity has dropped from 4,285 megawatts recorded on Sept. 16 to 3,321 megawatts on Dec. 1 due to dearth of gas, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. NAN reports that this figure was obtained frokm the website of Nigerian Electricity… In "News" By Raji Rasak   Lagos   -     Eko Electricity Distribution Company (EKEDC) says the electricity outage in Victoria Island was caused by a breaker problem at Alagbon Transmission Substation in Lagos. Mr Godwin Idemudia, the General Manager, Corporate Communications, EKEDC, in a statement on Monday in Lagos, said… In "Business" Lagos  -  The management of EKo Electricity Distribution Plc. (EKEDP) said that the power supply instability within its network was due to inadequate bulk electricity load allocated to the company from the national grid. This is contained in a statement issued by the Head of Corporate Communications of the company,… In "News"