The Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB) has confirmed an accident involving a Bell 429 helicopter with Registration Marks 5N-MDA owned and operated by Nigerian Police Force (NPF).  The confirmation was contained in a press statement made available to journalists on Thursday by Tunji Oketunbi, General Manager, Public Affairs of AIB titled: Nigeria Police Helicopter Occurrence. The statement read in parts: “On 26th January, 2022, Accident Investigation Bureau, Nigeria was notified by Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA) about an accident involving a Bell 429 helicopter with Registration Marks 5N-MDA owned and operated by Nigerian Police Force (NPF)”. “The accident occurred on 26th January, 2022 around 7:30pm (Local Time) at Bauchi Airport”. “The NPF helicopter had departed Abuja at 16:54 UTC for Bauchi with Six persons on board maintaining 5,500ft. There were some injuries but no fatality”. “The investigating agency, AIB-N needs and hereby solicits for your assistance. We want the public to know that we would be amenable to receiving any video clips, evidences, or information any member of the public may have of the accident that can assist us with this investigation”. “The Bureau will appreciate that the general public and press respect the privacy of the people involved and NOT assume the cause of the accident until formal report is released”. After months of investigation, the Accident and Investigation Bureau (AIB) has revealed why the helicopter, which conveyed Vice President Yemi Osinbajo to Kabba in Kogi state crashed last year. During the last election campaigns, Osinbajo had departed Abuja on February 2, 2019, on a chartered helicopter flight to Kabba in… In "News" By Yunus Yusuf Ikeja. - The Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB) has released the preliminary report on serious incident involving a Boeing 737-500 aircraft owned and operated by Med-View Airline. The General Manager, Public Affairs, AIB, Mr Tunde Oketunbi, disclosed this in a statement in Lagos on Sunday. Oketunbi said investigation… In "News" By Adekunle Williams Ikeja - The Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB) has accused Air Peace of failure to report accidents or serious incidents to the bureau at the exact time the incidents had occurred. The General Manager, Public Affairs, AIB, Mr Tunji Oketunbi, made the disclosure in a statement signed in… In "News"