The Academic Staff Union of Universities, Obafemi Awolowo University OAU, Ile-Ife branch, has commenced a strike over non-payment of earned academic allowance by the school authority.  The strike decision is part of the resolutions reached at the ASUU emergency Congress held on Monday January 31. The union stated that there’s no serious attempt by the authority to pay eligible members their dues, hence, the decision to embark on indefinite strike. OAU ASUU Chairman, Dr Adeola Egbedokun further stated in a communique he signed, that the industrial action would not be called off without a congress resolution. It reads; “Congress noted that there was no serious commitment on the part of the University to effect payment of EAA to deserving members. Congress also noted that all political and diplomatic means to resolve the imbroglia have failed. Consequently, congress resolved that: “Total, Comprehensive and Indefinite Strike should commence immediately. The strike must not be called off without a congress resolution to the effect. “Payment of EAA must be based on ASUU computation. Anything short of this would be unacceptable. The Strike Coordinating Committee be set up to monitor the strike. “Based on the above and on the strength of the permission granted by ASUU National President, the Chairman, on behalf of the congress declared the commencement of ASUU OAU’s strike at exactly 11:53 am”.   Source As many as 240 lecturers, including professors, at the University of Lagos have been revealed to have enrolled on the Integrated Personnel Payment Information System (IPPIS). They enrolled on IPPIS against the directive by the Academic Staff Union of Universities. The PUNCH gathered that the affected lecturers have been sanctioned… In "Education" National Coordinator of Congress of University Academics, CONUA, Dr Niyi Sunmonu has berated Academic Staff Union of Universities at the Obafemi Awolowo University over threat of strike on the issue of earned allowance. OAU ASUU had on Tuesday threatened to embatk on industrial action over the institution’s management refusal to… In "News" Abuja(SundiataPost)- While ASUU asks the university undergraduates students to go home due to the strike, another group of lecturers from Obafemi Awolowo University have ask the students to stay on campus for receive lectures. The ASUU chairman, OAU chapter, Adeola Egbedokun while addressing journalists yesterday, November 6, 2018, maintained that… In "Education"