For air travellers, the new year picked up where the old one left off – with lots of frustration. By late Saturday afternoon, more than 2,600 U.S. flights and nearly 4,600 worldwide had been cancelled, according to tracking service FlightAware. That is the highest single-day U.S. toll yet since just before Christmas, when airlines began blaming staffing shortages on increasing COVID-19 infections among crews. More than 12,000 U.S. flights have been cancelled since December 24. ALSO READ: ‘I learned how to kidnap from watching Zubby Michael in movies’ Saturday’s disruptions weren’t just due to the virus, however. Wintry weather made Chicago — where forecasts called for 9 inches (23 centimetres) of snow — the worst place in the country for travellers. More than 800 flights were scrubbed at O’Hare Airport and more than 250 at Midway Airport. Southwest Airlines suspended operations at both Chicago airports because of the forecast, according to an airline spokeswoman. She said Southwest knows from years of operating at Midway that high winds and blowing snow make it hard to get planes back in the air quickly. By Rotimi Ijikanmi   Paris    -     Passengers including hundreds of Nigerian on board Air France operated commercial Aircraft from and to Lagos and Abuja were since Wednesday stranded at Charles De Gaulle International Airport, Paris. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that many of them have to sleep at… In "News" It’s not been a merry run up to Christmas for many Nigerian travellers. It all started with Canada, Saudi Arabia, and then the UK, red-listing Nigeria (and 10 other African countries) for the Omicron variant of COVID-19 in spite of relatively low reported cases.  If there were any remaining doubts… In "Column - Thursday" Abuja - Air travellers in Abuja have urged the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) to take a decisive action against Turkish Airlines over the recurrent cases of passengers arriving their destination without their luggage. The travellers made the suggestion in separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on… In "News"