Abuja – A man simply identified as Adam, was reportedly shot dead, while four others were injured during a clash between men of Osun State Security Network, otherwise known as Amotekun corps, and some suspected hoodlums in Osogbo. According to sources in the Balogun Agoro area, where the incident occurred, three Amotekun operatives had gone to the neighbourhood to retrieve some tools seized by a group of hoodlums that had earlier attacked a construction site at Olaiya area of Osogbo. It was further learnt that an altercation between the two groups, after the hoodlums were asked to release the items seized, later went bloody as the men, rather than releasing the tools, allegedly pounced on the Amotekun operatives and stabbed one of them on the head. A resident of the area, who pleaded anonymity, while speaking on the incident, said one of Amotekun men had shot in self-defence, as the hoodlums swooped on them. “Five of the boys that attacked Amotekun men were shot. One Amotekun corps was stabbed on the head. The agency patrol van brought to the area was also damaged. One of the boys that were shot later died. The incident happened on Friday,” the resident stated. But when contacted, the state Commandant, Osun Amotekun Corps, Brig. Gen. Bashir Adewimbi (retd.), said a group of hoodlums led by one Lekan, also known as ‘Emir’, attacked Amotekun men who were in the area on assignment. He said, “One the operatives had to shoot into the air to disperse the hoodlums and ensure that they escape from the area. In the process, one of the hoodlums was hit and, unfortunately, later died. “Our objective is to ensure that the state is rid of insecurity and act of lawlessness by cultists and hoodlums and we would not relent from doing so. Presently, police and other security operatives have been stationed in the area to ensure that law and order are maintained. Punch Four operatives of the Oyo State Security Network otherwise called Amotekun Corps are currently battling for survival at a hospital in Ibadan, Oyo State after being attacked by hoodlums on Friday. The personnel and some policemen were reportedly attacked by hoodlums at Odeyale area of Ona Ara Local Government Area… In "News" …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories" Osogbo - Hoodlums suspected to be members of the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) on Thursday invaded the premises of the Osun State Command of the FRSC, injuring seven officers and vandalising 13 vehicles. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) learnt that the hoodlums, suspected to be members… In "News"