General Lucky Irabor, Chief of Defence Staff, has disclosed why civilians in the country shouldn’t be wearing military camouflage.  The CDS in an interview on Channels Television on Friday January 14, reacted to the crackdown on the use of military gear by civilians. He stated that the present security situation does not allow the use of military gear by people who are not personnel of the Defence Headquarters (DHQ). Irabor said; “The criminals among us have had to take advantage of the military, police, and other security agencies’ gear to perpetrate crime. “We live in a peculiar society – I do not need to restate what the make-up of our society is, what the level of discipline is generally. “And when you compare it (Nigerian structure) to some places where a few individuals believe that whatever practice goes on in those societies should be replicated here, the other elements of social life in those societies; they do not bring that to bear right here.” He also assured Nigerians that the DHQ would continue to take appropriate actions to ensure that they don’t see the military in a bad light when they wear its gear. Irabor added; “Ordinarily, we will be glad to see that our symbol (gears) is being used for good causes. “A good number of those who use them have used them for ignoble causes and so, that brings us to a state where you begin to make certain assumptions. “So, it is better for you to be safe first, then by virtue of your investigations, you can exonerate those who are using them for good causes. This is where we are.”  Source By Chijioke Kingsley JOS (Sundiata Post) - The Chief of Defence Staff (CDS), Gen. Lucky Irabor, has said the relative peace enjoyed in Plateau State for more than four years necessitated the reason behind combining the office of the General Officer Commanding (GOC) 3 Dvision Nigerian Army and that of… In "News" Alhaji Lai Mohammed, the Minister of Information and Culture has stated that Nigerians calling for the arrest and investigation of the former service chiefs by the International Criminal Court are unpatriotic. Mohammed spoke on Tuesday during a Radio Nigeria programme, Politics Nationwide. President Muhammadu Buhari appointed four new service chiefs… In "Politics" The Chief of Defence Staff (CDS), Gen. Lucky Irabor, says the Armed Forces of Nigeria (AFN) is currently reviewing its operational engagements in various theatres in order to bring peace in troubled parts of the country. This is contained in a statement issued by Director, Defence Information, Maj.-Gen. Benjamin Sawyerr,… In "News"