The Nigeria Football Federation may retain Austin Eguavoen as full-time coach of the Super Eagles after it was learnt that the body was yet to sign a contract with Portuguese coach José Peseiro, The PUNCH reports.  Peseiro was named as the new coach of Nigeria on December 29, but would take charge after the ongoing Africa Cup of Nations tournament in Cameroon. The 61-year-old, who resigned as Venezuela coach last August due to unpaid wages, reportedly agreed in principle with the NFF to take charge of the team in March, when the financial modalities must have been sorted out, it was learnt. Our correspondent exclusively learnt that after the federation and Peseiro had agreed on financial terms, the Portuguese’s lawyer allegedly presented fresh conditions to the NFF, who we learnt, put on hold the formalisation of the deal till after the AFCON in Cameroon. Peseiro was billed to be in Cameroon to assess the squad ahead of the 2022 World Cup qualifying play-offs, while Austin Eguavoen managed the side at the AFCON but the European hasn’t shown up, which raised eyebrows. It was also learnt that the NFF might have a rethink over retaining Eguavoen, after the coach, who was hired on an interim basis, won his first three games at the AFCON, with the side now playing exciting football. Our correspondent spoke with a top NFF official in Garuoa, who refused to confirm or deny if Peseiro had been contracted. “I don’t think I want to go into that matter,” the official who spoke on condition of anonymity said. “There is an agreement with the federation and Peseiro, that I can tell you. I don’t know about the signing of contracts yet. Let’s wait till March when he is expected to resume, we will then know if a contract was signed or not.” Meanwhile, Eguavoen is prepared to take over the team on a permanent basis if he is offered the job. Eguavoen, who would revert to his role as Technical Director when Peseiro assumes his post as coach of the team, according to a statement from the NFF in December, added that he would offer his support to the Portuguese should he assume duty in March. “Nobody is best for the job,” Eguavoen said. “Those craving for me to take the job permanently, I say thank you and why not. I’m happy with the position I occupy in the NFF, but if that opportunity comes, why not? When we get to that river we will cross it. “I think a coach is a coach, everyone has his own style of management, methods and leadership. For me foreign coach or local coach, a coach is a coach. It does not matter.   Source The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) on Wednesday announced the appointment of Jose Peseiro as the new Head Coach of the Super Eagles. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Peseiro’s appointment was announced in a statement by Ademola Olajire, NFF’s Director of Communications. According to the statement, the NFF… In "Sports" Abuja - Nigeria Football Federation boss Amaju Pinnick says the federation held talks with Roma manager Jose Mourinho in its search for a coach for the Super Eagles, The PUNCH reports. Pinnick, who stated this during a media parley with sports journalists in Lagos on Wednesday, said the Eagles would… In "Sports" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) has appointed Mr Augustine Eguavoen, currently its Technical Director, as the Technical Adviser of the Super Eagles on an interim basis. This is with immediate effect, and follows the termination of the relationship with Franco-German Gernot Rohr, who… In "Top Stories"