The federal government has given more details about the controversy surrounding the removal of fuel subsidy.  FG has now disclosed that the subsidy of fuel will last for another 18months, pending when an amendment in the Petroleum Industry Act will be forwarded to the National Assembly. Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva gave this indication on Tuesday while briefing State House Correspondents in Abuja. According to Sylva, President Muhammadu Buhari being aware of the negative implications of total subsidy removal has graciously approved that the time frame be extended, to allow the government put necessary palliatives in place. He said already, the rehabilitation of refineries are ongoing, while Dangote refinery is almost coming on stream. Recall that in the last few weeks there has been apprehension over the government’s proposed plans to remove subsidy. Nigerians had raised an alarm that the proposed subsidy removal could hike the petrol pump price to N302 per litre.  Source …As FG moves to suspend removal of fuel subsidy   By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has urged the Nigerian Labour Congress and the Trade Union Congress to abort the planned protests against the Federal government's proposed removal of fuel subsidy, saying the move is… In "Features" Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva has confessed that the federal government has not yet completedly remove fuel subsidy. Sylva revealed this on Monday while appearing as a guest on Channels Television’s Politics. The minister expressd that President Muhammadu Buhari-administration has begun the process of petroleum deregulation. According… In "News" The government of Nigeria on Monday said there won’t be any removal of fuel subsidy anytime soon as a result of perceived difficulties associated with it. Minister of Finance, Hajia Zainab Ahmed stated this at an interactive meeting with the Senate President, Dr Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan and other principal officers… In "News"