Kano State Chief Magistrate Court sitting at Gidan Murtala, Kano, has remanded Jamila Muhammad Sani, wife of the alleged kidnapper and killer of five-year-old Hanifa Abubakar, who was arraigned on a count charge of alleged concealing of a kidnap victim.  Jamila, a 30-year-old woman, is the wife to Abdulmalik Tanko, proprietor of the school, who is standing trial on a four-count charge of conspiracy, kidnapping and culpable homicide. A report read to Jamila alleged that she concealed a kidnapped victim in her house for the period of five days. “That you Jamila Muhammad Sani, a wife to Abdulmalik Tanko Muhammad, a proprietor and teacher of Noble Kids Comprehensive Academy located at Kwanar Dakata in Kano State, on the 4th December 2021 around 1830hrs your husband brought to you Hanifa Abubakar a 5-year-old pupil, wearing her school uniform and spent five days in your custody. “You kept her hostage knowing fully that she was kidnapped by your husband and you refused to disclose it to any person,” the report stated. According to the prosecution, the offence contravenes section 227 of the Penal Code. However, Jamila denied the content of the First Information Report. Consequently, the prosecutor, Lamido Abba Soron Dinki, prayed the court to remand the defendant in police custody pending when the case diary was ready. Chief Magistrate Muhammad Jibril ordered the defendant to be remanded in police custody and adjourned the sitting to February 2.  (New Telegraph) According to a report by Daily Trust, Abdulmalik Tanko, the proprietor of Noble Kids Nursery and Primary School, Kawana, Kano, has narrated how he used a N100 rat poison to end the life of one of his pupils. Daily Trust had reported how Hanifa Abubakar, a five-year-old pupil of the… In "News" Aisha Buhari, Nigeria's First Lady, has demanded the public execution of school proprietor, Abdulmalik Muhammad Tanko, who kidnapped and murdered a pupil under his care, Hanifa Abubakar. Tanko, who is proprietor of Noble Kids Comprehensive College, Kwanan Dakata in Kano has confessed to kidnapping and subsequently the killing of the… In "News" According to a report by Daily Trust, the government of Kano has revoked operating licences of all private schools in the state. The government took the action amid the outrage over the killing of 5-year old Hanifa Abubukar by Abdulmalik Tanko, proprietor of Noble Kids Academy, Nasarawa Local Government Area… In "News"