Say Portal To Close Saturday, January 22, 2022 By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Nigeria Police Force wishes to inform citizens that the online registration in the ongoing 2021 recruitment exercise for interested and eligible Nigerians into the service of the Nigeria Police Force as Police Constables, has been extended to Saturday, January 22, 2022. With this extension, the NPF recruitment portal will remain open till midnight of the new date. This announcement of the extension was contained in statement signed by the Force Public Relations Officer, Force Headquarters, CP Frank Mba made available to Sundiata Post on Wednesday in Abuja. According to the statement, the extension of the online application is informed by the need to ensure equal opportunity and even spread of applications, particularly from States in the South-East, South-South geopolitical zones and Lagos State, to enable them meet up with the required quota for their respective areas. A statistical analysis shows that a total of 81,005 applications were received nationwide as at January 7, 2022. Out of this figure, only 1,404 applications – less than 2% of the total applications – were received from the five States in the South East and 261 from Lagos State, with Anambra State having the least figure of 158 applicants. Consequently, the Force enjoins States and Local Governments, religious bodies and other interest groups in the affected Geopolitical zones and Lagos State to assist in mobilizing and encouraging their citizens and wards to take advantage of the opportunity to seek a career path in the Nigeria Police Force. Interested applicants are urged to log-on to the NPF recruitment portal, www.policerecruitment.gov.ng to register before the expiration of the new deadline. Applicants are further advised to call 08100004507 for any inquiry or complaints or technical difficulties in the use of the portal. The recruitment exercise is absolutely free of charge, the statement added. The Nigeria Police Force on Monday opened the online application portal for its 2021 recruitment exercise. This was announced in a statement signed by the Police Headquarters Public Relations Officer, Frank Mba. In the statement titled, ‘2021 recruitment into the Nigeria Police Force’, the force announced that successful applicants would… In "News" By Joseph Edeh Abuja -   The Police Service Commission (PSC) says it has received 294,851 applications in the ongoing recruitment of 10,000 constables into the Nigeria Police Force as the portal closes on Jan. 11. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the commission had received 242, 455… In "Metro" The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Mohammed Adamu, on Tuesday said the statutory entry requirements into the Nigeria Police Force remain sacrosanct and would be thoroughly followed in the ongoing Police recruitment screening exercise. A statement by the Force Public Relations Officer, DCP Frank Mba, in Abuja said IGP’s reassurance became… In "News"