ABUJA – Nigerian socialite, Obi Iyiegbu, popularly known as Obi Cubana, has revealed that it was repulsive for the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency to link him with illegal narcotic business. Obi Cubana stated this while speaking at an Instagram live interview with media personality, Daddy Freeze, on Saturday. The popular club owner was referring to his recent encounter with the NDLEA over his alleged involvement in illegal drug deals. It was earlier reported that Obi Cubana, who is the chairman, Cubana Group of Companies, was on Thursday grilled for about five hours at the Abuja headquarters of the NDLEA before he was granted bail and asked to return at a future date. According to reports, suspicious payments were made into Cubana’s account by three convicted drug dealers from Malaysia, Nigeria and India. Detailing his experience with the agency, the club owner noted that he felt so low to be linked to drugs. He said, “I was in detention for four days and three nights. I didn’t feel bad because I knew the agency would do a thorough job and if I am cleared, I’d be let go. There was no witch-hunting; nobody was after me, but to link me to drugs? I’ve never felt so low. To me, it’s repulsive.” According to Obi Cubana, he had made a covenant with God that he’d never support, invest, or be a part of any drug business. “This is something that my children could be victims of,” the socialite added. Clearing the air about any accusation, he said, “I was never accused. I was never linked to anything but they said somebody paid money into my account, and I believe that the agency in question is a very responsible one. I know that at the end of the day, they would make their findings public. (The PUNCH) The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency on Thursday grilled socialite, Obi Iyiegbu, popularly known as Obi Cubana, for his alleged link to the illegal narcotic business, The PUNCH has learnt. The PUNCH reports that Iyiegbu, who is the Chairman, Cubana group of companies, was grilled for about five hours at… In "News" Abba, son of the Director-General of the Department of State Services, Yusuf Bichi, has criticised the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission over the detention of the Chairman of Cubana Group, Obi Iyiegbu, popularly known as Obi Cubana. The PUNCH had earlier reported that the anti-graft agency detained Cubana on Monday… In "News" KAYODE OYERO examines the burial of the mother of the Chairman of Cubana Group, Obi Iyiegbu, popularly known as Obi Cubana, and reports the mixed reactions the event has generated. Mixed reactions have trailed the failure of the Central Bank of Nigeria and security agencies to enforce the country’s anti-spraying… In "News"