BY JOEL NWOKEOMA The year that Okonkwo took eight hundred seeds of yam from Nwakibie was the worst year in living memory.. Nothing happened at its proper time; it was either too early or too late. It seemed as if the world had gone mad. The first rains were late and when they came, lasted only a brief moment …The drought continued for eight market weeks and the yams were killed. The year had gone mad. When the rains finally returned, they fell as it had never fallen before. Trees were uprooted and deep gorges appeared everywhere.That year, the harvest was sad, like a funeral and many farmers wept as they dug up the miserable and rotting yams. One man tied his cloth to a tree branch and hanged himself.Okonkwo remembered that tragic year with a cold shiver throughout the rest of his life. It always surprised him when he thought about it later that he did not sink under the load of despair. He knew he was a fierce fighter, but that year had been enough to break the heart of a lion.“Since I survived that year,” he always said, “I shall survive anything.” Extract from Chapter 3, Things Fall Apart by Chinua Achebe. Indeed we shall look back and say, if we survived 2021, we shall survive anything.Trust in God, watch and pray always. But in all, we thank God for counting us worthy in Year 2021. My wish for you all is the best of Year 2022 and compliments of the rest of Year 2021.We shall be counted and none shall be found missing. •Source: Facebook Nsukka (Enugu State) -   farmers in Nsukka, Enugu State, on Friday said the continued downpour in the area would adversely affect yield of crops. Some of the farmers told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Nsukka that they were worried because some of their farms were already flooded.… In "Business" ABUJA - Prices of tomatoes, pepper and some other foodstuffs have increased in the major cities across the country with the commencement of Ramadan, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) has revealed. A market survey conducted by NAN on Thursday in some cities showed that there was a significant increase… In "Business" Kuje (FCT) -   Some farmers in Kuje, and Kwali Federal Capital Territory (FCT) have decried the paucity of rainfall in the area. The farmers, who spoke to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in separate interviews in Kuje on Thursday, expressed fear that inadequate rainfall could have a negative… In "Business"