Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari has been given a warning by Rev. Father Ejike Mbaka, the Spiritual Director of the Adoration Ministry Enugu concerning Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra.  Mbaka warned that if anything happens to Kanu, the country will collapse. Mbaka spoke during a sermon at the adoration ground. He warned the Department of State Services, DSS, and the Federal Government against maltreating the secessionist. Mbaka, who explained that the IPOB leader is agitating for secession due to bad governance by wicked politicians in the country, said the FG should rather fix the problems that metamorphosed into secession agitation. He said, “The DSS people and the government of this country should better handle Nnamdi Kanu’s case with care; if anything happens to that young man in their hand, this country will collapse. “Nnamdi Kanu’s reaction and intervention is as a result of bad government due to wicked leadership. By now, all the political leaders are supposed to be under DSS cell because of what they have done to Nigerians. “Nnamdi is just an agitator and he is agitating because of something. Let them solve the problems”.  Source Fiery Catholic priest and founder of Adoration Ministry Enugu, Nigeria, Rev. Fr Ejike Mbaka, has blamed unnamed governors for re-arrest of detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu. The cleric did not mention any governor or directly mention Kanu throughout the message, during his popular Wednesday… In "News" A warning has been given to the federal government led by President Muhammadu Buhari concerning Nnamdi Kanu. The Spiritual Director, Adoration Ministry Enugu, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka warned that there will be more trouble if the leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, dies in custody… In "News" Catholic priest and spiritual director of Adoration Ministry Enugu Nigeria, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka has called out President Muhammadu Buhari following the rearrest of IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu. Mbaka said the government should stop fighting agitators and concentrate on ending banditry and killings by armed herdsmen all over the country.… In "News"