Shootings have been reported in some parts of the Enugu Capital by some hoodlums who are trying to force a return to the Monday sit-at-home order which had been cancelled by IPOB.  The hoodlums were reportedly are disrupting vehicular movement at Topland, Amechi Road, Enugu South Local government of Enugu State. The hoodlums shot sporadically on the air, dispersing road users before setting a vehicle and a bus ablaze. A shop owner in the area who spoke on the phone said the ragtag gunmen stormed the area around 8:45am shooting sporadically into the air. “The gunmen not wearing any uniform appeared from nowhere and started shooting into the air. See also Distraught family lament sudden disappearance of middle-aged son“They said they’re enforcing a non existent sit-at-home and burnt a vehicle and a keke that was on the road.” The miscreants were also reported to have stormed NOWAS junction forcing people to run for safety. Our source said gunshots were aslo heard around the Institute of Management and Technology, IMT. There were further reports of shooting around ogbete, naira triangle , thinkers corner. Hoodlums on Monday set ablaze a bus conveying tomatoes, vegetables and other foodstuffs to Enugu for allegedly violating the suspended every Monday sit-at-home order. This came as residents have continued to stay at home, defying even the orders of Indigenous People of Biafra leaders who had severally but unsuccessfully tried… In "News" .....Two burnt as hoodlums raze five vehicles in Imo attack ABUJA - Gunmen attack Anambra police area command, kill four cops, cart away weaponsBanks, business premises shut, roads desertedTHE sit-at-home order handed down to the people of the South-East turned bloody on Monday as hoodlums wreaked havoc in Anambra and… In "Top Stories" Abuja - Hoodlums suspected to be un­known gunmen have warned that Monday sit–at–home per­sists in Anambra State, saying that anybody propagating that the evil thing has stopped would pay dearly with their lives. The warning was written in several papers and scattered in an uncovered dirty casket on which was… In "Top Stories"