David Umahi, the Ebonyi State Governor, has said the state will never be part of Biafra. This is as the governor stressed that the state was better in a fair and equitable Nigeria, reiterating that “if anybody tells you about Biafra, Ebonyi State will never be part of Biafra”. Umahi stated this at the Ecumenical Centre, Abakaliki, on Thursday, during a reception organised for him after declaring his presidential bid, in Abuja. According to the governor, “Let nobody be afraid of the Presidency of an Igbo man. The Igbo man is a builder and not a destroyer. There is no Igbo man that will be the President of this country and would like to divide or destroy it because we have investments everywhere. “First and foremost, I have been saying it. If anybody tells you about Biafra, Ebonyi State will never be part of Biafra. We are not Biafra. “We have so oppressed and now we are finding our feet and you want us to go back. We will not. We will not. “We are better in a fair and equitable Nigeria. And we are not going anywhere. “We are not going anywhere. We won’t. We will continue to appeal and dialogue to be treated fairly and equitably like other regions of Nigeria. “Some enemies of the South-East say if we become President we will divide the country. How will we divide the country? We have investments everywhere.”  Source The chairman of the South-East Governors’ forum, Chief David Umahi has said the governors of the zone proscribed the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, to save the lives of over 12 million of Igbos living in the northern Nigeria. Umahi, who is the governor of Ebonyi State, made this known… In "Top Stories" Following the army invasion of Nnamdi Kanu’s house, chairman of the South-East Governors’ forum has said Igbo leaders will not abandon the separatist. Chairman of the South East Governors’ Forum and governor of Ebonyi State, Mr. David Umahi, has said the the leaders of the South-East will not abandon the… In "Top Stories" The Igbo never lectured or counseled other parts of the country on how they would behave or act before producing those who had led the country as Presidents. The Igbo never lectured or tutored the North, the South West and South South, before they produced Presidents for the nation, at… In "Opinion"