… Says we are dealing with criminals not bandits By Samuel James Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Governor Abubakar Sani Bello of Niger State says the insecurity in some part of the state would have been worst if not for the proactive steps of the government and security agents. The Governor stated this when the Ahmadu Bello University (ABU) Zaria community from Niger State presented food items and other essential relief materials to the Governor at the government house Minna for onward delivery to the Internally Displaced Persons (IDP) in the state. He reiterated the concerns of government about the security challenges in not just the state but the entire northern region and the country at large despite the huge resources deployed to tackle the menace. Governor Sani Bello noted that the criminals are taking advantage of the landmass of the state to make the fight against terrorism more difficult. While thanking the donor for the gesture, the Governor also acknowledged that there were those in dire need of the support and particularly those that forcefully made to leave their homes due to the continuous criminal attacks. “We are dealing with criminal elements, and the landmass is making it difficult” He said. “Let me also mention that we will try as much as possible not to keep IDPs, we want to discourage IDPs because once you accept that, then you are into a different problem”, he explained. He urged the ABU community to continue to relate with the government and provide meaningful suggestions that would be of great benefits to all in the state. Speaking to newsmen after the presentation of items, leader of the group and former Vice Chancellor of IBB University Lapai, Prof Nasir Maiturare, explained that the donation was out of concern for the government and people affected by the criminal activities of terrorists. He prayed for an end to the insecurity and assured of their continued support to the government. The items donated includes; 40 bags of 50kg rice, 8 bags of 100kg beans, milk, palm oil and blankets amongst others. MINNA (Sundiata Post) - Niger State Governor, Alhaji Abubakar Sani-Bello has commended the initiatives and efforts of the Federal government and all the security agencies at curtailing various security challenges in the country. The governor gave the commendation when declaring open a two day retreat for members of the State… In "Top Stories" The Niger State Governor, Abubakar Sani-Bello has banned the sale of motorcycles in the state. The Secretary to the State Government, Ahmed Matane, disclosed this in a statement issued in Minna on Saturday. Matane said the ban was due to incessant security challenges in parts of state. He stated that… In "News" Abubakar Sani Bello, the Governor of Niger State, has said his administration will not pay ransom to kidnappers, The PUNCH reports. Bello said this following the abduction of some students and staff of Government Science College in Kangara, Rafi Local Government Area of Niger State in the early hours of… In "Politics"