Senate Chief Whip Orji Uzor Kalu on Sunday night paid a solidarity visit to a contestant for All Progressives Congress(APC) chairmanship, Senator Sani Musa, ahead of the February 26 National Convention of the party.  The former Abia Governor said he was at the Maitama residence of the Senate Service Committee Chairman on a solidarity visit to the recuperating chairmanship aspirant who just returned from a medical trip abroad.  Senate Chief Whip Orji Uzor Kalu on Sunday night paid a solidarity visit to a contestant for All Progressives Congress(APC) chairmanship, Senator Sani Musa, ahead of the February 26 National Convention of the party. The former Abia Governor said he was at the Maitama residence of the Senate Service Committee Chairman on a solidarity visit to the recuperating chairmanship aspirant who just returned from a medical trip abroad. The duo discussed ways of improving the fortunes of the party, how to ensure a rancour-free forthcoming national convention of the party and agreed to work together for the electoral success of the APC at all levels in future elections. Senator Sani Musa expressed gratitude to the Chief Whip for deeming it fit to visit and check on him after his treatment. He thanked Senator Kalu for his humility and sense of leadership.   Source Governors are holding tight to their influence in the All Progressives Congress (APC). As the ruling party gets set for its convention on February 26, the governors have resolved to screen the chairmanship aspirants and recommend two preferred choices for President Muhammadu Buhari’s approval, it was learnt last night. There… In "Politics" Chief Whip of the Senate, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, has called for the postponement of All Progressives Congress' national convention billed for February, 2022. In a letter addressed to the Chairman of the Caretaker Committee, Governor Mai Mala Buni, Kalu said the party would implode if it goes ahead with… In "Politics" Abuja - A former governor of Lagos State who is the current National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, is currently meeting with a former governor of Abia State and current Chief Whip of the Senate, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, in the latter’s Aso-Rock, home in… In "Top Stories"