Nigerian musician, Davido has revealed his motto for the new year.  The star singer said his motto for 2022 is to make money and ignore critics. “This year’s motto: Make money and ignore.” he wrote. Reacting to Davido’s motto, many social media users noted his current motto is how Wizkid has always lived his life adding, Wiz may have just inspired Davido to adopt his lifestyle. Others wondered if he has decided to renege on the motto which he’s always lived by: “We rise by lifting others”. futballpunter said: “Big wiz way.” unruly__xxv_ wrote: “Something Wizkid has been doing years ago till now.” donjah.nourish stated: “BABA want to be like him mentor Wizkid.” kingabcos asked: “We no more rise by lifting others?” officialbobbyfredrick__ said: “Wizkid set this 11th commandment already.” dahrmmy_buoyant wrote: “Now you Dey reason like big wiz.” silver_bwoy stated: “Baba nor ignore oooh remember we rise by lifting others.” ibukunoluwa_o asked: “We rise by lifting others don expire?” _____onyii said: “Na machala fess start dis lifestyle sha.” l.tobiloba wrote: “BIGWIZ ever motto…. It brings peace of mind.” nkemakonamu stated: “He’s learning from the BEST Pzazzycollection asked: “Davido no do we rise by lifting others again????” just_mezie said: “Wizkid don dey inspire our OBO.” Popular singer, Davido, on Monday, shared a video of Wizkid singing along to ‘Ke Star’ — a song he made with Focalistic. Shortly after Davido shared the video on his Instagram story, fans of both artistes have started reacting on social media. Often, fans of the singers are known for… In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe Abuja - Some fans of Mavin Record’s latest signee, Rema say he sings like Afropop star, Wizkid. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the 18-year-old fast became a fan favorite since the release of his debut EP ‘Rema’. However, fans have also pinned Wizkid as the… In "Entertainment" The ticket for ‘Made in Lagos’ concert at the O2 Arena in November has been sold out. Wizkid released his tickets earlier in the day for his concert and it sold out in 12 minutes. The ‘Essence’ crooner confirmed this in a post on his Twitter page. This led to… In "Entertainment"