A female presidential candidate, Khadija Okunnu-Lamidi has revealed her plan for Nigerians.  The bold and young aspirant said she wants to make things better for Nigerians. Okunnu-Lamidi spoke during an interview BBC pidgin. The aspirant revealed that she is “somehow related” to the former Governor of Lagos State and National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu. Even though she respects the elder statesman, she thinks it is time to give young ones an opportunity. said, “He’s the national leader of the APC; he has contributed to national politics and I have great respect for him. But that doesn’t change the fact that Nigerians are looking for a young person with vibrancy. Nigerians are looking for a way out of poverty, they want 24 hours electricity supply, good health care and good roads which are what I’m here to provide.” The presidential aspirant when asked if she has political experience, said, “Many people will say they have never heard of my name but I’ve been in politics for at least 20 years learning. Many people do declare their political ambition before they are ready, which is quite a problem. I’ve learnt the work and seen how others do it, which I don’t find satisfying, it gives me a stomach ache. Okunnu-Lamidi when asked when she decided to contest for the presidency said, “It was shortly after the EndSARS protests in October 2020.” She further stated that she reached out to young minds and the late singer, Sound Sultan, towards the goal of fielding some youths to contest for public office. According to the aspirant, most of the youths she spoke with were sceptical about the idea. She said, “At that point, it occurred to me that if I truly have the passion, I should be the one to step out and take the risk for us to have a better Nigeria.” When asked how serious she is about her ambition, she said, “As you can see, my entrance into the race has not been a joke.” Asked to speak about the political platform she’s running on, Okunnu-Lamidi said, “I don’t like to talk about the party because, for me, it doesn’t bring a solution. I’ve never seen any party talking about how to make life better for everybody, it’s just about their selfish interest.”  Source Female presidential candidate, Khadija Okunnu-Lamidi, has said despite the respect she has for the national leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, she still believes Nigerians are yearning for a young person with a vibrancy to steer the country out of its current woes. This is as… In "Politics" Abuja - Mr Mustpha Lamidi, a Presidential aspirant in the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) race, has said that his priority as president would be the welfare of journalists across board. Lamidi, who is the current National Auditor of NUJ, said this in an interview with the News Agency of… In "News" By Lucy Osuizigbo Lagos  -   The Lagos State Deputy Governor, Dr Idiat Adebule on Sunday urged Muslim leaders to continue to be at the forefront of ensuring peaceful co-existence,  understanding and religious harmony. Adebule made the call at the 2017 Ramadan Lecture of the Ansar-Ud-Deen Society of Nigeria (ADS),… In "News"