Residents of Awka, Awka South local government area of Anambra State on Sunday morning scampered for safety when a petrol tanker fell in the city.  The incident happened at the popular Aroma junction around 8.25am with many residents gripped by fear. But the Chief Fire Fighter in Anambra State, Martin Agbili, allayed their fears, saying they should not panic as the tanker was empty. In a statement, Agbili, said necessary measures had been taken to clear the area, adding that the tanker had a brush with a tricycle operator that got one person injured He said the injured person had been taken to the hospital for proper care. According to him: “At about 0825hrs (08:25am) of today Sunday 16-01-2022, Anambra State Fire Service, Awka, Nigeria received a distress call from our distinguished Hon Commissioner for Information, C Don Adinuba of a fallen petrol tanker at Aroma, Awka “Immediately, we deployed our fire truck and Firefighters to the incident scene. As we drove to the incident scene and we found out that the tanker is empty of any petroleum product. “The incident was caused due to the falling off of the back tyres of the tanker which immediately hit a moving Keke Napep (tricycle). “There was no loss of life but the driver of tricycle who sustained injuries was rushed to a nearby hospital. “Other relevant authorities had been notified to do the needful about the tanker removal and the road safety for passersby and other motorists.”  Source     About eight fire outbreaks have been recorded in Anambra State less than 24-hours after the harmattan started, State Fire Chief Martin Agbili has said. Agbili, in a statement on Sunday, attributed majority of the incidents to carelessness, including indiscriminate bush burning. He listed the affected areas to include Awka, Nnewi,… In "News" By Chimezie Anaso Awka - Two persons died and two others were injured in an accident involving a petrol-laden tanker and a Mercedes Benz Bus at Agu-Awka Junction, Awka, Anambra. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) correspondent who visited the scene of the crash gathered that the tanker which was… In "Metro" A Liquefied Petroleum Gas ( LPG) tanker, exploded at a filling station, on Onitsha-Enugu Expressway, Anambra, on Sunday night, setting vehicles and buildings on fire. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the LPG tanker which exploded at about 7.30.p.m., spread fire to two other filling stations and a… In "News"