 The UN Children’s Fund (UNICEF) on Friday warned that no fewer than 1.5 million children were not receiving life-saving treatment for severe wasting in Eastern and Southern Africa. The number represents almost half of the estimated 3.6 million children in urgent need, who are not being reached in time to save their lives or keep them from permanent development damage. For UNICEF’s Regional Director for Eastern and Southern Africa, Mohamed Fall, “nothing is more devastating than seeing children suffering from severe wasting when we know it could have been prevented and treated.” Fall highlights “some outstanding results and success stories”, thanks to the support of donors and partners, but says “the impacts of COVID19, climate change and conflict were creating the perfect storm where needs are quickly outpacing resources.” For him, “the time to act is now”, the UN correspondent of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) quoted him as saying. Across the region, families were dealing with multiple crises, including rising levels of food insecurity, economic deterioration, disease outbreaks, unprecedented cycles of floods and droughts, and conflict. Millions are having to reduce the quantity or quality of the food they eat in order to survive. In many cases, families are forced to do both. For UNICEF, this is a looming and preventable tragedy that can and must be averted. Prevention remains the best way to ensure that children survive, avoid permanent cognitive and physical damage, and evade the life-long suffering that results from childhood malnutrition. With unhindered access and predictable funding, UNICEF believes it can work with partners to save the lives of nearly every child admitted for severe wasting. The agency is asking for $255 million dollars to scale up its emergency response in 2022. In Angola, where people are facing the consequences of the worst recorded drought in 40 years, UNICEF and partners managed to scale up their response in the most affected provinces with approximately 40 per cent more children treated in 2021 compared to 2020. The most affected provinces in Angola were Cuando Cubango, Benguela, Namibe, Huíla and Cunene. In Ethiopia, the country with the largest child population in the region, the agency and partners reached an estimated 500,000 severely wasted children in 2021, but many children in the war-torn north, are still in need of life-saving support. Across four regions, families are struggling for survival as a severe drought takes hold following three consecutive failed rainy seasons. According to the latest data, more than 6.8 million people in drought impacted areas will need urgent humanitarian assistance by mid-2022, many of them children. In South Sudan, an estimated 1.4 million children under five, are acutely malnourished, including over 310,000 children suffering from severe wasting. In 2021, UNICEF and partners treated more than 240,000 children, but the situation remains urgent, as floods have killed cattle, washed away food and fields, and blocked humanitarian access. In Madagascar, where three years of consecutive droughts created one of the worst food insecurity and nutrition crisis in decades, UNICEF and partners in 2021 helped avert a feared famine for many families in the southern parts of the country. UNICEF and partners reached almost double the number of children with treatment for severe wasting when compared to 2020. This is estimated to have saved the lives of at least 55,000 children under five years of age. In Somalia, more than 255,000 children received treatment for severe wasting in 2021. With the country undergoing one of the worst droughts ever recorded and suffering from continued violence, 1.3 million children under five are likely to suffer from wasting this year. In Kenya, at least 65,000 children were reached in 2021 with treatment services for severe wasting. Right now, an estimated 2.8 million people are food insecure, with 565,044 children suffering wasting -123,000 severely in the country – and the situation is expected to deteriorate further. Also, in Mozambique, insecurity continues to have a negatively impact. In 2021, some 38,000 children received treatment for severe wasting, up from 10,000 in 2020. (NAN) ABUJA - In Nigeria, more than 47 children and adolescents died everyday from AIDS-related causes in 2018, bringing the total number of casualties to more than 17,155, according to a global snapshot on children, HIV and AIDS released by UNICEF in advance of World AIDS Day. Low access to antiretroviral… In "Health" A report released by the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) says Nigeria’s 17 million undernourished children have placed the country in the top position of Africa’s malnutrition burden. The UNICEF report, titled “Fed to Fail? The Crisis of Children’s Diets in Early Life”, released on Wednesday in Abuja, said that… In "News" Escalating Violence: 1m Children Flee South Sudan In "Foreign"