By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Chief of Defence Staff (CDS), General Lucky Irabor has said that the Armed Forces of Nigeria and that of Sao Tome and Principe have expressed commitment to strengthen the existing bilateral defence collaboration between the armed forces of both countries. The Director Defence Information, Major General Jimmy Akpor who disclosed this in a statement said General Irabor made this known when he played host to the CDS of the Armed Forces of Sao Tome and Principe, Brigadier General Idalecio Pachire who was on a visit to Nigeria. The meeting between the two Defence Chiefs centred on the critical role which both nations Armed Forces are playing in securing the Gulf of Guinea. Gen Irabor pledged commitment to further tackle issues of piracy and other forms of criminality within the corridor of the Gulf of Guinea. Other areas of collaboration discussed during the visit were capacity building of Sao Tome personnel, joint exercises and training assistance among others. The Sao Tome and Principe Defence Chief equally visited the Nigerian Navy Headquarters as well as the Defence Intelligence Agency. Both Nations have long standing history covering diplomatic and military collaboration which has been sustained over the years. Abuja  - The National Boundary Commission (NBC) said on Thursday that Nigeria’s Continental Shelf Extension Project was aimed at gaining for Nigeria an additional maritime territory of 104,000 kilometres. Its Director General, Dr Muhammed Ahmad, made this known to State House correspondents in Abuja after he had briefed President Muhammadu… In "News" SãO TOMé AND PRíNCIPE, (Sundiata Post) – President of the African Development Bank (www.AfDB.org) group Dr. Akinwumi Adesina has arrived São Tomé and Príncipe, for a five-day official visit to strengthen alliances between his institution and this lower middle-income island nation with a fragile economy. Adesina, the first AfDB to… In "Business" Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari says Nigeria and Sao Tome & Principe must sit down soon to review the activities of their Joint Development Authority with a view to making it more efficient and productive. A statement by the president’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi Adesina, said… In "News"