 The United Nations on Saturday called on the Taliban to provide information on the whereabouts of two women rights activists who were allegedly abducted from their houses in Kabul a few days ago. In a statement on Twitter, the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan (UNAMA) expressed its concerns regarding the disappearance of Tamana Zaryabi Paryani and Parwana Ibrahimkhel, who were reportedly abducted from their houses by the Taliban on Wednesday night. Since then, a disturbing video of Paryani has been circulating on social media that shows the activist calling for help as men, claiming to be from the Taliban intelligence department, are knocking on her door. She was disconnected after sharing this video with local broadcaster Aamaj News. Ibrahimkhel went missing on the same night. Both activists are known for protesting against the Taliban in the past five months. The Taliban authorities have rejected their arrest and called the video released by Paryani fake. Since the takeover of the country, the regime has introduced a series of restrictive measures targeting women and girls. Many women have been barred from returning to their jobs. Taxi drivers have been directed not to pick up female passengers who are not wearing a specific hijab, or Islamic head covering. Women fear repercussions if they leave the house without a male relative. Teenage schoolgirls in most provinces have not been allowed to return to class. Taliban fighters have repeatedly beaten, threatened, or briefly detained Afghan women and girls who have protested against the measures. In addition, there is a pattern of women disappearing and being killed without anyone taking responsibility. (NAN) Abuja - Heavy fighting has started between Taliban fighters and anti-Taliban resistance forces based in the Panjshir valley after talks between the two sides failed to resolve their differences. A resistance spokesman claims a Taliban offensive was repulsed with the Taliban suffering heavy losses. The resistance is led by Ahmad… In "Top Stories" Kabul - A private radio station in Afghanistan has shut down after numerous threats from a suspected Taliban commander objecting women to work as presenters, officials at the radio station said on Monday. The incident comes as the Taliban are discussing a peace deal with the United States that could… In "Foreign" The Taliban on Sunday blamed the United States for the chaotic evacuation of tens of thousands of Afghans and foreigners from the capital, one week after the hardline Islamist group returned to power in a rapid victory that stunned the world. The United States has warned of security threats and… In "Foreign"