Football enthusiasts in Enugu on Tuesday hailed the performance of the Super Eagles of Nigeria at the African Cup of Nations (AFCON) in Cameroon, which got underway on Sunday. However, the Super Eagles squared up with their Egyptian counterparts on Tuesday and the match ended 1–0 in favour of the Eagles, courtesy of a 30th-minute goal by Kelechi Iheanacho. Meanwhile, the coach of FC Star Plus, a local clubside in Enugu, Anistar Izuikem, said that the Nigerian players were full of energy which made it difficult for their opponents to cope. Izuikem expressed optimism that the team, though young, would go far in the tournament if they continued to play at such level. With the young energetic players assembled by Coach Augustine Eguavoen and good team selection, the Eagles will go a long way. Also, the Chairman, Enugu State Grassroots Football Association, Christian Oduma, who described the Pharoahs of Egypt as a tough team, said that the Super Eagles gave a good account of themselves. Oduma said that such performance against a team that paraded a star player like Mohammed Sala showed that the Eagles are prepared for the tournament. “The match was not an easy one and with this win, the Eagles have overcome group stage pressure. However, they need to play other matches with the same determination, confidence and team spirit,” Oduma said. Also, Rangers International FC Media Officer, Norbert Okolie, said that the Eagles had crossed the first hurdle. Okolie charged the Eagles to approach their two remaining group matches against Sudan and Guinea Bissau with the same spirit. By Nicholas ObisikeENUGU - A cross-section of football enthusiasts in Enugu says the goalkeeping department of the Super Eagles needs to be fortified to sustain the team’s present status. The football enthusiasts spoke in the wake of Nigeria’s third-place finishing at the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) tournament in… In "Sports" Lagos (Lagos State)  -  Football enthusiasts on Tuesday expressed satisfaction with the Super Eagles qualification for the FIFA 2018 World Cup group stage following their 2-0 victory over Swaziland. The fans told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos on Tuesday that the team deserved a lot of commendation… In "Sports" By Olajide IdowuOsogbo. -. Football analysts and fans in Osun have lauded the victory of the Super Eagles’ win over Burundi at the ongoing Africa Cup of Nations in Egypt. The analysts and fans equally commended the Super Falcons of Nigeria for their efforts, during their outing at the ongoing… In "Foreign"