Ex-Kano State Governor, Rabiu Kwankwaso, has disclosed that he has no plans to defect from the Peoples Democratic Party to the ruling All Progressives Congress.  Kwankwaso stated this on Channels Television’s ‘Sunday Politics’ political programme. “As we speak, there is no any plan for me to leave the PDP to join APC or any other party,” the former governor said. Kwankwaso explained that the recent visit of his successor, Abdullahi Ganduje, to his residence was not about a planned defection but a mere condolence visit. The ex-governor said though he had to stay out of Kano for three years and six months because of his rift with Ganduje, the visit by the incumbent governor to his residence was a welcome development. Kwankwaso also said he has no regret supporting Ganduje to be his successor in 2015. Ganduje in December 2021 paid a condolence visit to his predecessor, Kwankwaso, at his Bompai residence, Miller road, over the death of his brother, Inuwa Kwankwaso. The visit fuelled defection rumours but Kwankwaso on Sunday described the reports as “fake news”. Kwankwaso, a foundation member of the PDP in 1998, moved to the APC in October 2014 and contested the 2015 APC presidential primaries. He, however, lost to President Muhammadu Buhari. In July 2018, Kwankwaso returned to the PDP and contested the 2019 PDP presidential primaries but lost to ex-Vice-President Atiku Abubakar. Kwankwaso has been reported to nurse a presidential ambition in 2023 but he has not publicly declared his intention to run.  Source By Tukur Muntari Kano -   The National Chairman of All Progressives Congress (APC) Mr Adams Oshiomhole on Friday in Kano expressed happiness over the defection of former governor of Kano state, Malam Ibrahim Shekarau from PDP to APC. Oshiomhole made the remark when he paid a visit to the… In "Politics" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Prominent Kano polit­ician and stalwart of the All Progressiv­es Congress (APC), Se­nator Rufai Hanga, has rebuked Senator Musa Rabiu Kwankwaso for dragging the name of former Vice Pre­sident and chieftain of All Progressives Congress, Atiku Abu­bakar into his dirty internal politics of Kano State. Hanga spoke… In "Politics" Abdullahi Shugaba Dutse -   A chieftain of All Progressives Congress (APC) in Jigawa, Alhaji Ishaq Hadejia has confirmed that the immediate past governor of Kano state, Sen Rabi’u Kwankwaso is still a card carrying member of the party. Hadejia made the remark in an interview with the News Agency… In "Politics"