Abuja – The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adeboye; as well as the General Overseer of Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries, Dr. Daniel Olukoya; were amongst the first to release New Year prophecies for Nigeria on Saturday. The clerics made this known in separate announcements during their Crossover Services to usher in the Year 2022. Adeboye grouped his prophecies for the New Year into three categories: personal, Nigeria, and intercontinental. For personal, the 79-year-old preacher said, “More than 80% of projects starting in 2022 will succeed. “This year will be a year of the emergence of previously unknown stars. “In spite of everything happening, this year will be a year of some massive breakthroughs (in science and in finance). “Infant mortality rate will drop by at least 50%.” For Nigeria, he said, “You don’t make omelette without breaking eggs.” According to the Oxford Lexico dictionary, the English proverb means: One cannot accomplish something without adverse effects elsewhere. On the Intercontinental scene, Adeboye said, “The issue of migration will take a new turn in the new year. “There will be two monstrous storms (one coming from the Atlantic and one from the Pacific) unless they are weakened, the results will be terrible.” On his part, Olukoya, in his 37-point prophecies for 2022, said Nigerians need to pray against inflation, starvation and political instability. He said, “We need to pray against inflation and starvation. “We need to pray against massive political instability which will put a lot of people in disarray. “We need to pray against strange deaths. “The church needs prayers against increased persecution of Christians. “The God of the suddenlies is preparing something for Nigeria and will answer the prayers of His children. For any power that wants Nigeria to sink shall sink, and any power that wants Nigeria to die shall die; they will drink their own blood and eat their own flesh, until they are drunk with it.” For some years now, the release of prophecies by men of God in Nigeria and some overtly religious countries has become one of the rituals of the Christmas and New Year celebrations. The PUNCH had earlier reported that Ghana banned doomsday prophecies but some legal luminaries have described the move by the Anglophone West African country as illegal, adding that it was tantamount to restricting free speech. A Professor of Theology at the Lagos State University, Dapo Asaju, had also said though false prophets now project their “imaginations and permutations” as New Year prophecies, genuine prophecies still exist and they are vital as “guide to the future and to know the mind of God concerning the future” in order to avert disasters. Asaju, a former Vice-Chancellor of Ajayi Crowther University Oyo and Bishop Theologian of Anglican Church of Nigeria, had urged genuine clerics to be measured in the delivery of their prophecies so as not cause disequilibrium in the society. Source Abuja （Sundiata Post）-  General Overseer of the Redeemed Christain Church of God, （RCCG） Pastor Enoch Adeboye,  has said that unless the killings stopped, the 2019 elections may not hold.   The General Overseer while issuing  the warning to the Federal Government, said if Nigeria must survive, the killings around the country… In "Top Stories" Enoch Adeboye, general overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), has donated intensive care unit beds fitted with ventilators to three states. In a statement on Friday, the church said the items of medical equipment were donated to Lagos, Ogun and Plateau states to curb the spread of… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adeboye has said that a new variant of coronavirus will emerge in 2021 for every Covid-19 vaccine discovered. Adeboye said this will continue to happen until the high and mighty admit that safety is… In "News"