By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senator representing Plateau North at the National Assembly, Sen. Istifanus Gyang and the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), has donated relief materials to displaced Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs), in Plateau North. Sen. Gyang who is also the Deputy Chairman, Senate Committee on Defense, said the materials were supplied by NEMA through his constant reminder of the sufferings of the IDPs who have been displaced from their villages. The Senator and NEMA presented the materials to the IDPs at the weekend in Jos. Miango Community in Bassa Local Government Area of the State which has come under sever attacks in the last one year, and are now refugees in IDP camps, are one of the beneficiaries, the Senator said. “My constituency has been visited by devastating acts of terror attacks that have caused the displacement of communities, most of whom have been uprooted from their ancestral homes and are in displacement camps. “The Nation is grappling with the quest to overcome the challenges of insecurity, terrorism, banditry and kidnapping, if not for God the country could have been totally destroyed by now. ”As part of the efforts to address the humanitarian crises and challenges which the internally displaced persons are facing, I have made several visits to NEMA and today they have responded with these relief materials that were presented to the IDPs”, Sen. Gyang said.Earlier, NEMA while confirming the relief materials said the criminal destruction of crops on several farms covering hectares of land in LGAs of Barkin Ladi, Riyom and Irigwe Chiefdom in Bassa, all in Plateau North Senitorial district motivated the Agency to respond to Sen. Gyang. The Director General NEMA, Mr. Ahmed Habib, represented by the Assistant Chief Relief and Rehabilitation Officer NEMA North-Central zone, Mrs Judith Bai, said the items donated are, 500 bags of 10kg rice, 500 bags of 10kg beans, 500 bags of 10kg garri, 150 cartoons of tin tomatoes, 150 kegs of palm oil, 150 cartoons of seasoning cubes, 100 bags of Idozed salt, 200 cartoons of milo, 200 cartoons of powdered milk and 200 bags of granulated sugar. Renewed violence has erupted in four villages in the Bachit District of Riyom Local Government area of Plateau State as 12 persons were reportedly killed by suspected Fulani herdsmen and many houses including that of late Senator Gyang Dantong burnt. The midnight raids which took place Thursday also saw one… In "News" By Kayode Olaitan, Unarguably, recurring conflicts and natural disasters in some parts of the country have caused many citizens to flee their homes. Observers note that the recent upsurge in the violence perpetrated by the Boko Haram insurgents in the north-eastern part of the country has swelled the number of… In "News" Sunday John Akwanga (Nasarawa State) - The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) has carried out a headcount of Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) from the three communities recently attacked by suspected herdsmen in Akwanga, Nasarawa State. Mustafa Maihaja, Director-General of NEMA, stated this on Saturday during the headcount in Akwanga. Maihaja,… In "News"