  The Peoples Democratic Party, South-West Women Leader, Alhaja Bose Adedibu, has urged members of the party in Ekiti to embrace peace, calmness and display a spirit of sportsmanship during the party’s Ward Congress on Saturday. ‌Adedibu, in a statement made available to newsmen in Ado-Ekiti on Friday, reminded the party members of PDP’s tradition of doing everything in a family way. “‌I urge all party members in the state to live up to this tradition by being members of one big family, which is one of the attributes of PDP,” she said. ‌According to her, “being family members impose a lot of responsibilities on individuals like lapping up and tolerating each others’ patent and political idiosyncrasies for the growth and advancement of our party.” Adedibu urged the women members of PDP in Ekiti to moderate the attitude and tempers of the menfolk throughout the ward congress. ‌She said that Ekiti PDP women members have the divine capacity of tendering the men from hitting up the polity. “Women have vital roles to play in ensuring that the ward congress goes on peacefully without acrimony, rancour, tiff or violence,” Adedibu said. ‌She commended leaders of the party in the state for the show of maturity and spirit of sportsmanship being displayed for the protection and advancement of PDP. ‌The women leader urged PDP members in the state to do everything possible at making the party Ward Congress an enviable democratic exercise for the opposition parties to emulate. ‌”I want all of us to see this Ward Congress as a litmus test of our desire and determination to win Ekiti democratically for our great party, PDP,” the zonal women leader said. (NAN) Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A one-storey mosque stood adjacent the main building that was Lamidi Adedibu’s main building. There, he held sway as an oracle and dished out orders that were considered laws at a time in Ibadan and other parts of Oyo State. Time was 3:45 p.m. and this… In "Top Stories" Leaders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the South-West Zone held a zonal caucus meeting in Ibadan on Tuesday, where they stressed the need for a united front ahead of the zonal congress of the party slated for March 6. The leaders, who spoke severally, including Governor 'Seyi Makinde… In "News" It has been 10 years since the self-styled “strong man of Ibadan politics”, Chief Lamidi Ariyibi Akanji Adedibu, died. He died on June 11, 2008. I do not recall seeing many tributes or advertisements in the newspapers or other media commemorating his life and legacy. There was no public lecture… In "Opinion"