Six persons have been apprehended by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA following a raid at a relaxation centre, popularly called garden, in Abuja.  During the raid on the garden at Wuse Zone 5 behind Shoprite, a lady identified as Rachael Famiyesun, 29, who deals in drug cookies was arrested along with her salesgirl, Stella Sunday, 20. Beside the cookies, they were also caught selling bottles of black currant drink, popularly called Zobo, prepared with cannabis. He said another business operator in the garden, Moses Obi, 30, was also arrested with his salesgirl, Aisha Abdulrahman, 19, for selling Indomie noodles prepared with cannabis. A barman, Ahonye Jonah, 31, who works with the owner of the garden, was equally arrested while one of their customers, 38-year-old Ngozi Justina Emelogu, was also picked during the raid on Wednesday, January 19, 2022. The NDLEA Spokesman added that two days earlier, officers of the FCT command of the Agency equally raided the Zuba Yam Market, where a drug dealer, Haruna Hassan, was arrested with 19.3kg cannabis.  Source Abuja - The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has seized over 24, 311 kgs of heroin and codeine, as well as Arizona and Colorado variants of cannabis in fresh drug busts in Lagos. NDLEA spokesman, Mr Femi Babafemi, who revealed this in a statement, made available to the News… In "Top Stories" According to a report by The PUNCH, the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency has seized over 24, 311kg of heroin, codeine as well as Arizona and Colorado variants of cannabis in fresh drug busts at the Murtala Mohammed International Airport, Ikeja and the Tincan seaport, Apapa, Lagos. This happened barely… In "News" Abuja  -The Lagos State Command of the National Drugs Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) on Friday recovered 301.2kg of cannabis in Mushin. This is contained in a statement by Mitchell Ofoyeju, the spokesman of the agency and made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja. The statement said… In "Metro"