Mark Igoche has been elected as the new President of the Nigeria Basketball Federation, NBBF.  The election was held during the elective congress of the federation held this morning, January 31, 2022, at the Moshood Abiola Stadium in Abuja. PNO Sports reports that the Federal Ministry of Sports and Youth Development had earlier announced Abuja as venue for the NBBF Elective Congress. A letter dated January 17, 2022 and signed by the Secretary General of the NBBF, Afolabi Oluwayemi Olabisi (Mrs) read in part: “The Executive Congress to hold in the National Stadium, Package ‘A’ in Abuja, Federal Capital Territory at the same venue where the other 29 National Sports Federations in Nigeria held their Elective Congresses; towards ensuring the safety and security of the Delegates.” Mark Igoche via his Twitter handle @IGMarkOfficial reacted to his victor at #NBBFElectionAbuja, this way: “Nigerians have adopted the new face of Basketball and I am pleased that this new direction will open up the luxury of talents in the game to global audience.” Watch the video: Nigerians have adopted the new face of Basketball and I am pleased that this new direction will open up the luxury of talents in the game to global audience.#NBBFElectionAbuja pic.twitter.com/EQSwIiaEdc Abuja - The avoidable leadership crisis rocking the Nigeria Basketball Federation (NBBF) is telling on the federation’s sponsorship portfolio, according to Musa Kida, NBBF president. Kida stated this in his welcome address at the 2019 NBBF Annual General Meeting (AGM) and Stakeholders’ Forum on Saturday in Abuja. The NBBF president… In "Sports" By Babatunde Ogunrinde Lagos - Musa Kida, President Nigeria Basketball Federation (NBBF), on Wednesday said the development of basketball at the grassroots to elite league would be sustained in his tenure. Kida said this on the sidelines of a one-day stakeholders’ meeting held at the Indoor Sports Hall of the… In "Sports" By Abolade Ogundimu   Abuja   -     Mr Ken Nwachukwu, Nigeria’s Ambassador to Mali, has hailed the Musa Kida-led Nigeria Basketball Federation (NBBF) and the National Women Senior Basketball Team for raising Nigeria’s global status at the 2017 FIBA Afrobasket D’Tigress were unbeaten in their seven matches to the final of… In "Sports"