Popular Kayanmata seller and s3x therapist, Hauwa Mohammed popularly known as Jaruma has accused Ned Nwoko, the billionaire husband of Regina Daniels of threatening her life.  She stated that she paid Regina Daniels the sum of N10million to promote her product but she did not do it. Following reports of her arrest, Jaruma made an Instagram post on Saturday, accusing the businessman of promising to frame her and lie against her. In a the post which she tagged: “THREAT TO LIFE,” Jaruma wrote: “I paid Regina Daniels N10 million since 2020 to advertise and promote my products, she did not do the job. Now the 74-year-old husband vows to frame me up, set lies against me and silence me for life. If anything happens to me, hold Ned Nwoko responsible.” Speaking on her reported arrest in an earlier post, Jaruma said: “The only thing I have to say about this is that President Obasanjo was in prison. He came out of prison and he became president. President Buhari was in prison and he came out of prison and became president. “For this, you know who your next president of Nigeria is going to be. Your girl, Jaruma. It’s a pattern and that has been the cause. This must happen to you and then you become president in Nigeria.”    Source via his Instagram page also dispelled rumours that his separation was linked to the use of a local aphrodisiac called ‘Kayamata’, sold by Hauwa Mohammed, popularly known as Jaruma. In October, Laila publicly revealed that she was divorced from the politician. As a result, some fans had accused Nwoko’s actress… In "News" Young Nollywood star, Regina Daniels, is enjoying all the glitz associated with befriending billionaire businessman and politician Ned Nwoko. The last few days saw Regina making numerous public appearances with Nwoko. The secret marriage of the love birds is no longer looking like one of the tales from Nollywood, writes Ferdinand… In "Metro" Nollywood actress, Regina Daniels has shared great insight on how marriage has changed her and what she loves the most about her billionaire hubby, Ned Nwoko.  Regina Daniels in a recent interview said her initiation into the ”Anioma Women Cult Group” is more like being welcomed to womanhood.  Read excerpts… In "Entertainment"