Following the massacre of villagers by bandits in Zamfara, President Muhammadu Buhari has commiserated with the families of those who lost their loved ones.  Garba Shehu, the president’s media aide in a statement on Saturday in Abuja, said the president, who was reacting to reports of the large-scale killings, said: “The latest attacks on innocent people by the bandits is an act of desperation by mass murderers, now under relentless pressure from our military forces who are well equipped to effectively confront these enemies of humanity. “In keeping with my commitment to tackle the monster of terrorism head on, let me reassure these besieged communities and other Nigerians that this government will not abandon them to their fate because we are more than ever determined to get rid of these outlaws. “These criminals will be history because we are not going to relent in our current military operations to get rid of these thugs who have been terrorising innocent people.” Premium Times reported the attack on five villages in Anka and Bukkuyum local government areas from Tuesday to Wednesday. By Saturday, residents said they had buried about 200 victims of the attack. On Saturday, President Buhari appealed to the affected communities for patience, saying: “We are fiercely determined to smoke out and destroy these outlaws who have no regard for the sanctity of life.” He extended his sympathy to the survivors and families of those killed. According to him, the army and the air force are working together to get rid of the “callous criminals.” He added that already, the army had acquired more equipment to track down and eliminate ”criminal gangs that are subjecting innocent people to the reign of terror, including illegal imposition of taxes on the communities under siege.” By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has approved a joint military and police operation specifically targeted at combing Niger, Kaduna, Katsina, Zamfara and Sokoto States to rid the areas of bandits. The president’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, made this known in a… In "News" By Tony Ailenen ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday said his administration will not succumb to blackmails from terrorists. The President stated this in his reaction to reports of abduction of over 300 students of the Government Girls Secondary School, Jangebe in Zamfara State Buhari described the abduction as… In "News" With insecurity boiling over in the country, North’s governors cried out on Thursday and took their concern to President Muhammadu Buhari at the Presidential Villa. On Wednesday, bandits killed an estimated 83 people in multiple attacks in three local government areas of Zamfara State. On Presidential order, a Special Military… In "News"