Analysts at Afrinvest West Africa) Limited, a Lagos based investment banking firm, have projected that in 2022, Nigerian economy would surpass the prediction by the International Monetary Fund, IMF by 0.2 percentage points despite the Gross Domestic Product, GDP, dynamics in 2021. The firm predicted that Nigerian economy would grow by 2.9 per cent while the IMF predicted 2.7 per cent in 2022. The analysts explained: “Nigerian economy would be driven by continued recovery in non-oil GDP. For the oil sector GDP, we expect the gradual increase in Nigeria’s oil production towards the new cap of 1.83mbpd from the earlier 1.45mbpd, to boost the sector’s performance. 2022 being a pre-election year, we anticipate a marked shift in fiscal focus to politicking. “Despite the anticipated electioneering pressures, fiscal policy is expected to become more hawkish as the government seeks to raise revenue generation to fund a N17.1 trillion budget with a planned deficit of N6.4 trillion.” On recommendations, they stated: “The monetary policy environment should remain relatively accommodative. We do not expect any switch in the current Foreign Exchange, FX management policy of the CBN.” (Sundiata Post) – Ghana’s 9 per cent GDP growth in the three months through June 2017 has exposed policy failings in Nigeria’s economy which has only managed to exit its worst recession in about three decades, amidst a forecast of weak growth going forward. West Africa’s two largest economies, Nigeria… In "Business" The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has downgraded Nigerian’s economic outlook or GDP in the 2020 fiscal period to -5.4 percent. The IMF in April 2020 had predicted a – 3.4 per cent decline in GDP. The IMF however said Nigeria’s economy will see a rebound of 2.6% in 2021 suggesting… In "News" By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) - The Centre for the Promotion of Private Enterprise (CPPE), an economic advocacy group, has identified Dangote Petroleum Refinery as one of the key expected drivers of growth that would impact positively on the downstream sector of the Nigerian economy in 2022. Likewise, Financial Derivatives… In "News"