By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – His Excellency the Executive Governor of Yobe State and Chairman APC Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee, Hon. Mai Mala Buni, has issued a disclaimer to the media publication with purported zoning of offices allegedly announced by him. He urged the general public to disregard the misleading publication as it’s false, baseless, unfounded, misleading and has nothing to do with him. Hon. Mai Mala Buni dissociated self in a statement signed by the DG, Press and Media Affairs, Mamman Mohammed made available to Sundiata Post. The statement reads in full: The attention of His Excellency the Executive Governor of Yobe State and Chairman APC Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee, Hon. Mai Mala Buni, has been drawn to media publications with purported zoning of offices allegedly announced by him. His Excellency has in clear and unambiguous terms denied the said list, saying, it is false, baseless, unfounded, misleading and has nothing to do with him. The Chairman of the Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Committee, said the party has not taken any decision at any fora on anything relating to zoning of offices. The publication is just a figment of the author’s imagination that has nothing to do with the Chairman and the party. The public is hereby urged to disregard the purported list as it is misleading and completely false. Governor Buni urged the press to resist unverified stories and rumours, and to always verify all issues related to the party assuring that the doors of the party are always open. SignedMamman MohammedDG, Press and Media Affairs. The All Progressives Congress has distanced itself from a list making the rounds that detailed purported zoning of offices announced by the Chairman of the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee, Mai Mala Buni. This is according to a disclaimer signed on Wednesday by the APC’s Director-General, Press and Media Affairs, Mamman… In "Politics" An All Progressives Congress group, under the aegis of the Progressives Youth Movement, has passed a vote of no confidence in the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee of the party. The governor was appointed the chairman of the APC’s Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee in June 2020 following… In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The national leadership of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has announced suspension of the ongoing State Congress in Oyo state due to forging of documents meant for the exercise and other irregularities. Governor of Yobe state and Chairman, Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee, Hon. Mai Mala… In "Top Stories"