American singer and actor, Meat Loaf, whose album Bat Out of Hell is one of the best-selling albums ever and who played Eddie in The Rocky Horror Picture Show, has died at the age of 74.  The Grammy winner, born Marvin Lee Aday, died Thursday night, Jan. 20, surrounded by his wife Deborah, daughters Pearl and Amanda and close friends. Meat Loaf’s family said in a statement: “We know how much he meant to so many of you and we truly appreciate all of the love and support as we move through this time of grief in losing such an inspiring artist and beautiful man. “From his heart to your souls…don’t ever stop rocking!” Meat Loaf’s debut album Bat Out of Hell is among the best-selling albums in history, racking up 14 million units sold in the U.S. alone. Worldwide sales estimates go as high as 30 million. Its U.S. singles “Two of Three Ain’t Bad” and “Paradise by the Dashboard Light” — which peaked at No. 11 and No. 39 on the Billboard Hot 100, respectively — both were certified platinum in 2018, four decades after release. Meat Loaf’s Bat Out of Hell also was a smash overseas, spending more than 10 years on the UK album chart despite peaking at No. 9. It remains among the 20 best-sellers of all time there. Meat Loaf and Steinman also collaborated on the 1993 album Bat Out of Hell II: Back Into Hell, which has sold more than 5 million units in the U.S. alone. Its platinum lead single “I’d Do Anything for Love (But I Won’t Do That)” spent five weeks at No. 1 in the U.S. and UK to become by far Meat Loaf’s biggest hit. Meat Loaf won the Grammy for Best Rock Performance, Solo. Meat Loaf has sold more than 100 million albums worldwide.  Source LOS ANGELES - British soul-pop artist Sam Smith, R&B star Beyonce and singer-producer Pharrell Williams led artists with six Grammy nominations each. They also had nods for the top prize of Album of the Year, the Recording Academy said Friday. Smith's "In the Lonely Hour," Beyonce's self-titled album and Pharrell's… In "Foreign" By PATRICK GARRITY and ELISHA FIELDSTADT Natalie Cole, the American singer who overcame battles with substance abuse and the long shadow of her famous father to earn worldwide success of her own, has died. She was 65. Cole died Thursday night at Cedar Sinai Hospital in Los Angeles "due to… In "News" Anita Eboigbe   Abuja   -    Pop singer, Shakira marked an historical feat at the Grammys on Sunday, when she became the first artist to win Best Latin Pop Album twice. The Columbian native won the award category for her album ‘Eldorado’ following her 2001 win in the same award category… In "Entertainment"