Six people have been reportedly buried alive after an illegal mine collapsed in the Umai community, Biase Local Government Area of Cross River State.  The gold stone mine, which is said to be some feet deep, collapsed on Wednesday killing six while other miners escaped. On a visit to the site of the incident, the Chairman of Biase Local Government Area, Ada Charles Egwu, decried the level of illegal mining activities in the area and called on security agents to increase surveillance on the area to prevent such occurrence, Vanguard reports. Egwu expressed her sadness towards the death of the young men who lost their lives due to the unfortunate incident in a bid to make a living. She said, “The purpose of this visit is to assess the activities of the illegal miners and also see for myself the collapsed site that took the lives of six young men so early in the year. “My heart goes out to their families on behalf of my family and the good people of Biase Local Government Area over this pathetic development.” The Council Chairman stated that she would set up an investigative panel to determine the necessary action to be taken and called on security agencies to seal off the site and arrest anyone who flouts the order to stay away from the mine. (The PUNCH) Dar Es Salaam -  At least four miners were feared dead on Monday and six others were rescued when a gold mine collapsed in Tanzania’s northern region of Mara, rescuers said. Elia Caleb, leading a team of rescuers, said the collapse at Buhemba gold mine happened when the miners were… In "Foreign" By George Odok Biase (Cross River) -   One person has died while two others were seriously injured after a bus fell inside a gully at a bad portion of the Biase-Calabar federal highway, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. Both the deceased and the injured were among those… In "Top Stories" Nairobi  -   The Red Cross in Kenya on Tuesday said it had rescued a baby alive from the collapsed building in Nairobi’s Huruma estate four days after the incident. It said that the baby, wrapped in a warm blanket and kept in a bucket was found beside her dead… In "Foreign"