Popular singer Davido and his cousin, Bamidele Adeleke, have intensified the war of words over the interest of the latter in the Osun 2022 governorship race.  The Nation reports the singer had called out Bamidele for challenging his uncle for the governorship ticket of the PDP despite being from the same family. Davido also accused his cousin of sponsoring an article about the death of his late mother, Veronica on his governorship ambition. “Because of your ambition, you have your people write about me (which I don’t care about) but to include the death of my mother in an article; the same woman that raised you. Ok Dele, God will reward you.  Popular singer Davido and his cousin, Bamidele Adeleke, have intensified the war of words over the interest of the latter in the Osun 2022 governorship race. The Nation reports the singer had called out Bamidele for challenging his uncle for the governorship ticket of the PDP despite being from the same family. Davido also accused his cousin of sponsoring an article about the death of his late mother, Veronica on his governorship ambition. “Because of your ambition, you have your people write about me (which I don’t care about) but to include the death of my mother in an article; the same woman that raised you. Ok Dele, God will reward you. “Worst of all this (Dele) really doing all this from the house my father gave you! Audacity! Disrespect me! (I don’t care) but my father, my mother never! Dele, I will stress you! We go meet for field,” he stated. But reacting, Bamidele denied writing anything about the demise of Davido’s mother. “For whatever this is worth to you, please note that I lost my mother at a tender age like you and would never allow anyone to denigrate her nor her memory. I will never write nor say anything against my Auntie Vero, who I cherish dearly “I respect your decision and choice to support Uncle Demola and that is the beauty of democracy. It is possible we can all make our individual choices without rancour and bitterness. We can all follow different paths and still live as one big, happy family,” he said.  Source Nigerian musician, Davido has called his cousin, Bamidele Adeleke a fake man. He made his thoughts known on his Twitter handle. He wrote: Wonderful! Me I finished uni with a 2:1. But it’s now cousin dele who struggled to even get a 2:2 that is now forming “intellectual”. Intellectual that… In "Entertainment" One of Nigeria's biggest music stars, Davido declared his uncle, Ademola Adeleke as the 'incoming Governor of Osun State'. The singer is seemingly reacting to the report of his cousin, Dele Adeleke picking up a nomination form to contest in the 2022 Osun governorship election. This was disclosed by Ayobami… In "News" •Ademola Adeleke, Davido Adeleke Superstar singer, Davido has called out his cousin Dele Adeleke who recently announced that he will be contesting in Osun governorship election.  Calling out his cousin for running against their uncle Ademola Adeleke, Davido noted that Dele who is now "forming an intellectual" struggled to get… In "News"