General Overseer of Living Faith Church Worldwide, Bishop David Oyedepo has warned Christians to desist from speaking ill about men of God, saying it attracts dangerous punishment from God such as leprosy.  He stated this during the Leadership Empowerment Summit at the church’s headquarters, Faith Tabernacle, Canaanland, Ota, Ogun State, said speaking against men of God can attract leprosy. Oyedepo said many critics of his ministry must have been victims of the warning, stressing that the warnings are based on spiritual insights. He said, “Beware of speaking hurt against the Ministry you claim to be part of advancing, it’s a risk. “Beware of speaking hurt against a Prophet you claim to believe. It is dangerous. It can make a man leprous. It is dangerous. We don’t have the data of how many victims may have come from this warning, but I know quite some would have been victims. “One of the Leaders in this Nation said, “what we are saying now, Bishop is in his room. he is hearing.” When we give warnings, we give it based on prophetic insights.” The African richest pastor, however, admitted that criticism is part of what prophets of God must endure, saying it is not a problem. “Every prophet is ordained to be spoken against. So it is not a problem. It is already written. It is not that it is something that is new,” he said.  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode has commended Prophet T.B Joshua, Bishop Oyedepo, Apostle suleiman and other religious leaders who have spoken out against the senseless killings of innocent citizens by the genocidal Fulani terrorists right from the begining. Fani-Kayode who also… In "Top Stories" Presiding Bishop of the Living Faith Church Worldwide (LFCWW), David Oyedepo, has revealed how he almost died in a plane crash recently. Speaking at the church headquarters on Friday, Oyedepo says before the trip, the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor E.A Adeboye visited him… In "News" According to a report by The Nation, millions of naira allegedly stolen by some highly placed officials of the Living Faith Church Worldwide, a.k.a. Winners Chapel, drew the presiding Bishop of the church, Dr. David Oyedepo, into a rage at the empowerment summit organised for ordained workers of the church… In "Metro"