By Simon Akwu ABUJA – A humanitarian worker and human rights activist, Mr. Augustine Onwuamaegbu, who is the National President of Persons With Disability Initiative Nigeria, was kidnapped and tortured last week by suspected kidnappers where he led a team of volunteers on a free distribution of hearing aids, walking sticks and some relief materials to persons with disabilities between Akilbu and Rijana villages along the Abuja-Kaduna Road. Narrating his ordeal to newsmen in Abuja yesterday, Mr. Augustine said that the kidnappers had warned him to “stop fraternizing with some politicians in the opposition against the interest of the ruling government in power. “They clearly warned me to stop exercising my freedom of expression given to me by the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. They beat me and tortured me mercilessly and told me that it was the last warning from them and that they would be monitoring my movements, associations and utterances. “I am afraid for my life because I am a person with disability. We are in a democracy but I am not allowed to freely associate with persons or groups recognised by the law of my country”, he said. The visibly shaken humanitarian worker said that it was the third time in a row he was being attacked, trailed by suspected assassins who had sent messages of threats to kill him unless he mobilises persons with disabilities in Nigeria for a certain political party to win elections in 2023 Nigeria’s General Elections. According to him, he was trailed by the abductors sent by their political masters from Abuja and after they had picked him and beaten him mercilessly for two days, they abandoned him in an utterly helpless situation before some good Samaritans picked him from the bush where he was abandoned by his assailants. He therefore called on the security agencies to put in more efforts to tackle the worsening security situation in the country. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The federal government has been called upon to take a more decisive action against the criminal activities of kidnappers and bandits as they negatively affect humanitarian aid sector in the country. This call was made by Mr. Augustine Onwuamaegbu, National President of Persons… In "News" Mr Kehinde Ibiteye, said he risked his life to deliver N2.5 million ransom to kidnappers of his brother-in-law, Mr Kayode Ajayi, and his son, Olawale, in a forest in the Bwari area of the FCT. Ibiteye made this known while giving a special thanksgiving to God for his safe return,… In "News" On May 23, Bauchi-based journalist, Andy Bature, was kidnapped-on the same day he celebrated his birthday. Bature was abducted with two of his friends along Kaduna, Jingir road, a volatile area where series of kidnapping have occurred in recent past, by 8 gun-wielding men. He couldn’t have imagined he would… In "News"