The Senior Special Assistant on Security to the Delta State Governor, Olu Kevin Oritsewinor has applauded the People’s Democratic Party PDP in Delta State over successful rally at Asaba. According to Oritsewinor shortly after the rally , Delta is known for PDP and that is why more All Progressive Congress members are decamping to the party. He who ccommended the Delta State Governor Sen Ifeanyi Okowa, Former Governor Chief James Ibori for keeping the party together welcomes the members of All Progressive Congress APC to the People’s Democratic Party PDP. Oritsewinor who was overwhelmed with the crowd at the rally said the rally was a success and the massive crowd is as a result of good leadership by the state governor. He urged Deltans not to give up in supporting the People’s Democratic Party. “People’s Democratic Party in Delta State is one United family and that is why we were able to organized a successful rally. “The All Progressive Congress members who decamped today known how positive the administration of Governor Ifeanyi Okowa has affected Deltans. “This is why we are calling on the members of APC to come to PDP where there is transformation, peace and unity” he said . Hadejia (Jigawa)-Alhaji Aminu Kani, a People’s Democratic Party (PDP) governorship aspirant in Jigawa, on Sunday defected to the opposition All Progressive Congress (APC). Kani made the declaration during an APC rally at Matsaro ward in Hadejia. The governorship hopeful noted that the APC had better programmes designed to ensure good… In "News" By Friday Idachaba Lokoja -   The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief John Odigie-Oyegun on Saturday called on Nigerians to shun those casting aspersions on President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration and the party. Oyegun made the call at a grand rally to welcome People’s Democratic Party (PDP)… In "Politics" DUTSE (Jigawa) - Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has declared that the  PDP would take over the reins of governance in 2019 because  Nigerians have discovered that the All Progressives Congress (APC)  is a political party  founded on  deceit. Speaking  in Dutse,  Jigawa State on Monday during the PDP membership… In "Politics"