By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Nigeria Defence Headquarters (DHQ) has warned politicians to desist from the use of military uniforms and accoutrements for political events and other engagements forthwith. The Acting Director Defence Information, Air Commodore WAP Maigida gave the warning in a statement he signed and made available to Sundiata Post. The statement reads in full: The Defence Headquarters (DHQ) has noticed with dismay that some politicians have formed the habit of wearing military uniforms and accoutrements for electioneering campaign posters. The campaign posters of some Governors, dressed in military camouflage uniforms, are displayed in noticeable areas in their respective states. This is manifestly illegal and an abuse of the privilege of allowing civilians wear military uniforms during military training exercises. It is necessary to restate that the Armed Forces of Nigeria, as a professional institution, remains apolitical and, as such, would not want to be dragged into any form of political bias. Accordingly, it is important to advise politicians and others to desist from the use of military uniforms and accoutrements for political events and other engagements henceforth. Please note, anyone found culpable in this regard would be liable to prosecution. You are please requested to disseminate this vital information to the general public. WAP MAIGIDAAir CommodoreActing Director Defence Information5 January 2022 The Defence Headquarters has frowned at the habit of wearing military uniforms and accoutrements for electioneering campaign posters by some politicians. The DHQ said campaign posters of some governors dressed in military camouflage uniforms are displayed in noticeable areas in their respective states. “This is manifestly illegal and an abuse… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Nigerian Military has condemned the political campaign advertorial on several media outlets by All Progressive Congress (APC) that seems to [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] question the integrity and sincerity of the Chief of Defence Staff (CDS), Air Marshal Alex Badeh in the ongoing counter-terrorism operations against Boko… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Defence Headquarters says the Military cannot stoop so low to such extent to “spy” on one individual, as wildly and loosely alleged by the acclaimed Yoruba activist, Sunday Adeyemo also known as Sunday Igboho. The Acting Director, Defence Media Operations, Brig.-Gen. Benard Onyeuko, stated this… In "Top Stories"