Nigeria’s interim coach, Austin Eguavoen has announced that he is stepping aside as coach of the team following the 1-0 defeat to the Carthage Eagles in the rounds of 16 of the Africa Cup of Nations.  Eguavoen made the announcement shortly after the game, while also stating that he will be resuming his original role as Technical Director of the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF). Super Eagles who had initially won their three group games, were defeated by Tunisia who before the game had an outbreak of covid-19 in their camp and were without their coach and 11 players.  The 55-year-old Nigerian gaffer, said after the surprise exit of this team, that he will be resuming his old position and leave NFF to decide on the way forward. He said, “What happens next is that; I’m the interim coach and Technical Director of the NFF, I will go back to my position and allow the Federation decide on the way forward “ Portuguese coach Jose Peseiro was hired by NFF shortly before AFCON as coach of the team, he is expected to take over as the team’s manager after the Africa Cup of Nations. Meanwhile, the Super Eagles after their elimination from AFCON are now expected to face West African Neighbour, Ghana in a World Cup qualifying match in March.   The Nigeria Football Federation may retain Austin Eguavoen as full-time coach of the Super Eagles after it was learnt that the body was yet to sign a contract with Portuguese coach José Peseiro, The PUNCH reports. Peseiro was named as the new coach of Nigeria on December 29, but would… In "Sports" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of Nigerian Football Federation, Amaju Pinnick, has said that Super Eagles coach Gernot Rohr was sacked to forestall a “disaster” waiting to happen. “It wasn’t an individual decision; it was a collective decision from the committee,” Pinnick said on Monday when he… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) has appointed Mr Augustine Eguavoen, currently its Technical Director, as the Technical Adviser of the Super Eagles on an interim basis. This is with immediate effect, and follows the termination of the relationship with Franco-German Gernot Rohr, who… In "Top Stories"