Bishop David Oyedepo of Living Faith Church has said there is nothing impossible for God to do.  The man of God during a sermon on Sunday, said God can pick Nigeria’s next president from his church. Oyedepo made the remark while noting that God can pick a female president from Living Faith Church. He spoke during a sermon at the church’s headquarters in Ota, Ogun State on Sunday. The clergyman urged these members aspiring for political positions to always seek counsel. According to Oyedepo: “And it is important for me to mention to members of the church because another time is here now. You better ask counsel of the priest before you torment your life by yourself. “What office will you win election to that I will now need you? No. My eternal helper is up there, and they know if I have ever asked a thing of anyone. Allow God to lead you. Don’t let greed and avarice lead you. “Don’t get me wrong, God can pick a president from this church. That President could even be a female.”  Source Presiding Bishop, Living Faith Church Worldwide, David Oyedepo has spoken about a revelation God showed him on becoming Nigeria's President. While speakin on Sunday the man of God vowed that he would consider it a demotion if invited to become Nigeria’s president. Oyedepo, during his sermon, said God specifically, in… In "News" A sad verdict has been given concerning the government of President Muhammadu Buhari by the founder of the Living Faith Church Worldwide aka Winners Chapel, Bishop David Oyedepo. Oyedepo said his warnings in 2015 about the current administration was ignored, but now Nigerians are suffereing the effect. Speaking on Sunday… In "News" The Presiding Bishop of Living Faith Church Worldwide, aka Winners’ Chapel International, David Oyedepo, has expressed concerns over government's decision to continue to close churches while allowing people to go to markets as coronavirus continues to ravage the country. Oyedepo, who spoke during the Covenant Hour of Prayer Programme on… In "News"