Nigerian singer, Modupe Olateru-Olagbegi, popularly known as Mo’Cheddah on Friday detailed her struggle with breastfeeding and mental health after childbirth.  The mother-of-one who welcomed her baby late last year noted that her mental and breastfeeding “weren’t a great pair” as a lactating mother. Taking to her Instagram story, she wrote, “I struggled with my milk supply the first week after birth was hard; trying to get the baby to latch, being new at this, and being unable to sit because of stitches and hemorrhoids. “My mental health and breastfeeding weren’t a great pair. So I took my time and did what I could, so obviously, my supply dropped drastically. I could barely pump a full ounce in one day. “Now I’m feeling up to it again, so I started trying to re-lactate a couple of days ago; getting her to latch and pumping several times. I got nothing for the first two days( As in, not a drop!)” Sharing a picture of a small bottle half filled with milk, the mother continued, “I tried again yesterday night and this morning, and this is what I got!! (Happy much). I’m staying hydrated, massaging the boobies, and pumping several times to get my supply back up. Reps propose compulsory crèches in public, private offices, workplaces“Staying happy for myself and baby T is what’s important to me, so I’ll keep trying to up my milk supply for as long as my mental health permits me.”   Source Dr Sekela Gad-Briggs is a general practitioner at the National Health Service, England, with interest in women’s health and mental well-being. She tells ALEXANDER OKERE about postpartum disorders. What is postpartum? Postpartum refers to a period of time following childbirth. It is commonly defined as six weeks after birth. However,… In "Health" Bamike Olawunmi, aka Bambam has taken to her soical media page to cry out about her experience with childbirth. Recall that Bambam became famous after featuring in the reality tv show, BBNaija, where she met her husband, Teddy A. The new mother of one took to her twitter page to… In "News" By Esenvosa Izah Lagos -   The Chief of Party, Stop Diarrhoea Initiative, Save the Children, Mr David Atamewalen, on Saturday decried the low level of compliance with exclusive breastfeeding by nursing mothers in Nigeria. Atamewalen spoke at an awareness campaign organised by the initiative on breastfeeding for residents of… In "Health"