By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Knights of St. John International (KSJI), an international fraternal organisation of the Roman Catholic Church, has described as fantastic and exemplary, the transition committee set up by the governor-elect of Anambra State, Prof. Chukwuma Soludo. Praising the composition of the committee, the organisation said that it was an indication of a high quality government which Prof. Soludo intends to run. Speaking through a press release signed by his Chief of Staff, Sir Abuchi Anueyiagu, the Supreme Subordinate President (SSP) Nigeria, Maj. Gen. (Prof.) Remy Uche, said that the committee was fantastic and exemplary. The SSP expresses good conviction that the committee will provide good template for a smooth transition and seamless take off for the incoming government administration. Maj. Gen. Uche, a Professor of Mechanical Engineering at the Federal University of Technology Owerri (FUTO), saw the composition of the committee, as a unique rainbow coalition of people with proven integrity and seasoned professionals in their respective fields. It is the candid opinion of the KSJI leader that Prof. Soludo took the right decision in his choice of the membership of the committee, among them three prominent members of KSJI, Hon. Sir Evarist Uba, Prof. Au Nonyelu and Chief Leon Mezue, with Uba serving as the Supreme Subordinate 1st Vice President and Prof Au Nonyelu as the immediate past Awka Grand 1st Vice President. The SSP expressed optimism that the committee is going to carry out their assignment creditably to general satisfaction and commendation in the end. Prof. Uche noted that with the bold statement which the governor-elect has made through the constitution of the 80-member crack transition committee, headed by an indefatigable personality, Mrs. Oby Ezekwesili, the incoming administration in Anambra State is going to be quite an exceptional one that will greatly develop the state and make tremendous impact in the lives of the people. Further, Maj. Gen. (Prof.) Uche expressed confidence that Prof. Soludo’s cabinet is not just going to be drawn from across political party lines but would be one without other boundaries. On behalf of the Knights of St. John International (KSJI) he thanked the governor-elect for the appointment of the three members of the organisation in the transition committee, assuring him that as worthy ambassadors of KSJI, they will make quality contributions in the committee to prove that their inclusion in the committee was not a mistake. He said their inclusion in such a very high profile and very important body was an eloquent expression of the governor-elect’s confidence in them and their capabilities to make meaningful contributions in the committee.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Knights of St. John International (KSJI), an internatiinal sodality organisation of the Roman Catholic Church, has joined the Church in Nigeria in mourning the death of the Catholic Bishop of Ilorin, Most Rev Paul Olawoore. The KDJI described the late Bishop as… In "News" Professor Charles Chukwuma Soludo, Anambra State Governor-elect, on Thursday unveiled an 80-member transition coomission rhat will help him usher in his government on March 17, 2022. TheNiche had exclusively reported this morning that the former Governor of the Sentral Bank of Nigeria (CBN) who won the November 6, 2021 Anambra… In "Politics" By Hilary Akalugwu Nsukka (Enugu State) - The remains of Ms Chinwe Ugwu, former Transition Committee Chairman of Nsukka Local Government and her mother, Mrs Theresa Ugwu were on Thursday buried at Ugwu-agbo Edem in Enugu State.Mrs Ugwu, Chinwe’s mother was said to have died of shock on Aug. 4… In "News"