New Tribe Nigeria, a support group, says support for Vice President Yemi Osinbajo to run for presidency in 2023 is a collective task. It said everyone should support Osinbajo to become president, irrespective of tribal or religious affiliation. The call is contained in a communique issued at the end of a one-day declaration conference held by various Osinbajo support groups and professional bodies across Nigeria on Sunday in Kano. The communique was read by a member of the group and chairman, Delta State Osinbajo grassroot organization, Prof David Ojenebo. According to him, after critical analysis of achievements and performances of President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration in spite of severe economic and security challenges, we need a man with credible and mental capacity to continue on the progress lane to become relevant to forestall the usual exercise of handover notes. Ojenebo said that the conference therefore resolved to press for continued corporate existence, progress and unity of the NEW TRIBE-Nigeria.“We push for continuity and sustainability of ongoing landmark developmental projects embarked upon by President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration. “Resolve to mobilize Nigerians of all faith and tribe to support the enthronement of a just man who understands policies and programmes of President Buhari’s administration.“Consequent upon these, the conference declares total support for Prof. Yemi Osinbajo (PYO) to run for the office of the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. “We enjoin all Nigerians, civil society organizations, professional bodies, market men and women, students and our teaming youths to lend their voices to the command of history by ensuring the seamless emergence of Prof Yemi Osinbajo as President of Nigeria in 2023,” Ojenebo said. The  conference urged the ruling Party, the All Progressives Congress (APC), to make the best choice and nominate Prof Yemi Osinbajo (PYO) as its Presidential Candidate for the 2023 elections for consolidation and continuity of the APC overall stability. The conference also called on the Vice President, Prof Yemi Osinbajo, to heed the call of Nigerians and declare to run for the office of President. KANO — Ahead of the 2023 general elections, Former Deputy Governor of Kano State, Prof. Hafiz Abubakar on Saturday said that Vice President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo possesses all criteria nigerians will look out for in who emerges the next president of the country. Prof. Abubakar stated this during a grand… In "News" The Progressive Project (TPP) a political support group, has promised to mobilise support for Vice President Yemi Osinbajo to become Nigeria’s president in 2023, because of his credentials and antecidents.Mr Jeffry Omoh, Head of TPP’s Situation Room said this in a statement on Thursday in Abuja.Omoh said that the group… In "News" The Vice President of Nigeria, Professor Yemi Osinbajo has said he has not indicated any interest to contest in the 2023 presidential election. This comes after a group opened a campaign office for him in Abuja. The office is located at No. 15b, Buchanan Crescent, off Aminu Kano, near Emab… In "Politics"