A former Speaker of the Imo state House of Assembly, Mr Chiji Collins representing Isiala Mbano State Constituency has angrily thrown away a plate of kola nut after a member of his constituent queried him (Chiji) on his alleged lack of performance. Vanguard on Friday found the Speaker’s angry reaction was captured in a viral video on social media. Trouble started when one of the constituents at the occasion with the Speaker, summoned the courage and started pointing out the alleged failures of the lawmaker and now asked the former speaker to give reasons why he was asking for another support when the support been given to him for the past years yielded no political dividends. That statement caused a commotion in the gathering as the speaker was forced to stand up and demanded the young man to sit down. However, the young man refused and continued to ask questions. It got to a point the speaker had to tumble the table that has the plate of kola nut and other items for refreshment. However, Vanguard gathered that the Speaker’s action brought to an end the gathering as the chaos frightened people in the vicinity and some persons took cover to avoid an ugly story. Chiji was elected in 2019 under the All Progressive Grand Alliance, APGA, he became Speaker of the State Assembly after he defected to the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, under the administration of former governor Emeka Ihedioha. In 2020, he defected to the All Progressives Congress, APC, when Hope Uzodimma, was pronounced winner of the 2019 gubernatorial election by the Supreme Court. He continued as the Speaker, and later he was impeached. Reacting, Vanguard gathered from one of the loyalists to Chiji, who said his name was Acha, they said the video was edited to blackmail the former speaker and that the young man in the video was unleashing abusive words on the lawmaker and not talking about anything performance. They said: “The young man in that video was trying to blame Chiji for not speaking out during the time of insecurity in the state the young man is a member of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, who was smuggled inside the town hall meeting to cause confusion. They want chiji to get involved in the battle of insecurity in Imo. All they want to confuse is destroy the image of Chiji. So that their own man can become the next Isiala Mbano lawmaker.” One week after the Supreme Court overturned the election of Emeka Ihedioha of the People's Democratic Party (PDP) as governor of Imo State and installed Hope Uzodinma of the All Progressives Congress (APC), nine lawmakers in the state house of assembly abandoned their party and joined the “winning team”.  Four… In "Opinion" According to a report by SaharaReporters, some members of the Isoko North Local Government Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Delta state, popularly known as Ogwo, recently got into a fight. They engaged in fisticuffs at the country home of a former minority leader and member representing Isoko federal constituency in the… In "Politics" By Ugonne Uzoma Owerri - The Imo House of Assembly on Wednesday, adopted a motion urging  Chairman of Imo Environmental Transformation Commission (ENTRACO) to enforce penalties on motorists and pedestrians who deface green areas. The House adopted the motion sponsored by the member representing Ideato North, Arthur Egwim (AA). Presenting… In "News"