Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has said that God won’t forgive his party, the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) if they don’t listen to Nigerians. Governor Wike who paid a courtesy visit to his Bauchi counterpart, Governor Bala Mohammed lamented the insecurity in the country in Bauchi on Saturday. “I have not even gone to see my parents, or my community because our aim is to make sure that PDP remains united. If we make the mistake of not listening to Nigerians, it will be difficult for God to forgive PDP. “We Christians say that when Isrealites were in problem, God had to bring Moses to lead them. As Nigeria is in problem now, who will lead Nigeria out of this problem, is PDP.“We must take that responsibility whereby if the mantle falls on us, it means our chances are very very bright. We need to fight insecurity with our might. “Not in a case where when you wake up in the morning, the newspaper would say 40 have been killed. There’s no day in Nigeria that people are not dying. They are not dying for their own mistakes, it is death caused by the inability of the so-called government to protect us,” he said. Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Over the years, political actors in Rivers State have made it extremely difficult for public affairs watchers not to read meanings into what ordinary folks would dismiss. Although the 2023 political calendar is more than two years away observers have started making their own calculations and… In "Top Stories" Edo Governor Godwin Obaseki has described his River colleague Nyesom Wike as a vessel used by God to secure him a second term in office. Obaseki said he was rejected by the All Progressives Congress (APC) but he first ran to Wike, who gave him the consolation that eventually paid… In "News" Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, has directed the state leadership of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) led by Amb. Desmond Akawor, not to give the All Progressives Congress (APC) a breathing space in Rivers. Speaking when Akawor led the state executive committee members to present the party’s action plan to… In "Politics"