Popular Nigerian singer, Adekunle Kosoko, professionally known as Adekunle Gold, has revealed to his fans that he would be dropping a new single.  Adekunle Gold made the revelation via his Twitter handle on Saturday night stating that the single precedes his forthcoming album. The new single is titled ‘Mercy’, while his fourth studio album is titled ‘Catch Me If You Can’. “New Single ‘Mercy’-Out, January 21. New Album, ‘Catch Me if you can’-Out, February 4. Save the Dates,” he wrote. AG Baby, as he is fondly called, has been dropping teasers ever since he announced the single and the album. While many of his fans were estatic to take a peek at the link he dropped for the album, others said they would wait till he drops the album in due time. In recent times, the singer has shifted from his mid-tempo alternative style to an upbeat and dance hall-like style. The songwriter’s last single in collaboration with Davido, ‘High’, has been among the top charting songs in Nigeria and other countries since it dropped in September 2021.   If i am to go by the list of the most popular Nigerian Musicians with Outstanding Performance in 2020, then many up and coming artistes who have done exceedingly well in 2020 won't be mentioned, but we shall do justice by mixing up the list with both the popular and… In "Entertainment" Popular Nigerian singer, Adekunle Gold, has described the recent hike in fuel price and electricity tariff as “madness”, adding that many Nigerians can hardly afford to feed themselves, TheCable reports. The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) had earlier declared that protests and strike would begin nationwide on Monday over the federal… In "News" By Anita EboigbeAbuja. -. Alternative Superstar, Simi, has released her much anticipated album ‘Omo Charlie Champagne’ with a heartfelt dedication to her late father. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that ‘Amasiko’ singer took to her Instagram page on Friday, @simplysimi to announce the 13-track album produced by Vtek,… In "Entertainment"