By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Chief of Army Staff, Lt Gen Faruk Yahaya today 26 January, 2022 paid a courtesy visit to the Governor of Kano state, Dr Abdullahi Ganduje and the Emir of Kano, Alhaji Aminu Ado Bayero in his resolve to improve the security in the country. Speaking at the Government House Kano, Gen Yahaya stated that he was in the state on a working visit to 3 Brigade Kano and Nigerian Army Battle Fitness Centre (NABFC) Falgore, where the ongoing 82 Regular Recruit Intake screening exercise into the Nigerian Army (NA) is being conducted. This was contained in a statement signed by the Army Public Relations, Brigadier General Onyema Nwachukwu made available to Sundiata Post. According to the statement, Gen Yahaya expressed appreciation of the Nigerian Army to the Government and people of Kano state for their support to NA formations and Units in Kano state, particularly, NABFC in Falgore forest. He added, that the facility has become a veritable training ground for troops of the NA and potential recruits. Governor Ganduje in his remarks commended the COAS for his sterling leadership qualities in the command and administration of the NA. He pledged his continuous support to the NA and gave assurance of commencement of phase II of the state government’s support to NABFC. In a similar development, the Emir of Kano, Alhaji Ado Bayero has called on all well-meaning Nigerians to throw their weight behind the Nigerian Army and other security agencies tackling the security challenges bedeviling the nation. The Royal father made the clarion call, while receiving the COAS at his palace in Kano. He pointed out that citizens engagement and support are crucial for operational success. He commended the Nigerian Army for the sacrifices and relentless efforts of its troops in the pursuit of peace and security in Kano and the nation in general. The Royal father also offered prayers for troops of the NA, as well as other security agencies, especially those who lost their lives in the fight against insurgency and other criminalities in the country. The COAS was accompanied on the visit by the Chief of Operations (Army), Maj Gen Olufemi Akinjobi, General Officer Commanding 1 Division Nigerian Army, Maj Gen Kabiru Muhktar, Provost Marshal (Army) Maj Gen Robert Aiyenigba and Chief of Military Intelligence Maj Gen Ibrahim Salihu.  Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has applauded the efforts of troops of 3 Brigade of the Nigerian Army for securing Falgore forest and other notorious forests in the State. The Deputy Director, Army Public Relations, 1Division Nigerian Army, Kaduna, Col. Ezindu Idimah, said this in a statement issued on… In "News" Kano State Govt Donates 28 Toyota Hilux Vehicles To Nigerian Army‎ In "News" By Mohammed Nur Kano  -   The Kano State Government on Monday donated 16 Toyota Hilux vehicles “and 12 refurbished ones” to the Nigerian Army as part of efforts to combat crime in the state.‎ Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje presented the vehicles to the Brigade Commander of 3rd Brigade,Nigerian Army, Kano,… In "News"