The Lagos State Commissioner of Police, Hakeem Odumosu, has said that 12-year-old Silverster Oromoni, died a natural death.  Odumosu made the statement while addressing journalists at the command headquarters in the Ikeja area of the state on Friday. He said the final results of the post mortem and toxicology examination conducted both at Warri and Lagos agreed that the deceased died a natural death. The CP added, “For purpose of clarification, it is pertinent to convey to members of the public in simple terms, the commentary/submission of Dr SS Soyemi, the consultant pathologist who led a tear of pathologists to carry out the autopsy. He declared and I quote: “Sylvester Oromoni Jr, a 12-year old student of Dowen College, Lekki, Lagos, reportedly died on November 30, 2021, at a private hospital in Warri, Delta State. It was alleged that the deceased was physically assaulted and poisoned in the school prior to death. The first autopsy was done in Warri on December 2, 2021. Following an order for a second autopsy, the body of the deceased was brought to Lagos for a second autopsy. “Our findings at the second autopsy include marked pallor of organs, pneumonia (infection of the lungs), infections of the liver and kidneys as well as the heart. These infections emanated from the ankle infection described earlier in the report. Microscopic sections also confirmed these findings. “Death was caused by Septicaemia following infections of the lungs and kidneys arising from the ankle wound. No evidence of blunt force trauma in this body. The findings in the oesophagus and stomach are not compatible with chemical intoxication. Death, in this case, is natural.” “Our findings at the second autopsy include marked pallor of organs, pneumonia (infection of the lungs), infections of the liver and kidneys as well as the heart. These infections emanated from the ankle infection described earlier in the report. Microscopic sections also confirmed these findings. “Death was caused by Septicaemia following infections of the lungs and kidneys arising from the ankle wound. No evidence of blunt force trauma in this body. The findings in the oesophagus and stomach are not compatible with chemical intoxication. Death, in this case, is natural.”  Source Three students of the Dowen College, Lekki Lagos are currently assisting the police in their investigation into the death of Sylvester Oromoni junior, a 12-year-old student of the college. The Lagos State commissioner of police Hakeem Odumosu told Channels Television on Tuesday. Odumosi said three of the five students mentioned… In "News" A law firm, Falana & Falana’s Chambers, has asked the Lagos State Police Command to invite blogger and social media personality, Kemi Olunloyo, to explain a “reckless allegation” she made against the late 12-year-old student of Dowen College, Sylvester Oromoni. The solicitors to the family of the late student accused… In "News" According to a report by SaharaReporters, some protesters, mostly women on Wednesday barricaded the entrance of Dowen College in Lekki area of Lagos State to protest against the death of 12-year-old Sylvester Oromoni at the school. The late student was rumoured to have been attacked by “some of his senior… In "News"