CALABAR – Tragedy struck in the Biase Local Government Area of Cross River State as a bishop and historian were murdered in a renewed communal clash in the locality. Baise is the local government of origin to the state deputy governor, Professor Ivara Esu. The murder is in the heat of the communal conflict between Abanwan and Urugbam communities in Erei clan. A bishop (name withheld) was burnt alive and his son beheaded in a renewed communal war involving the two communities. Sources from the communities who spoke on strict conditions of anonymity said that the bishop was ambushed alongside his son on a motorbike on their way from Abanwan community to nearby Afikpo in Ebonyi State. The Erei communities have over the years been at loggerheads over a piece of land that was established by the defunct Eastern Region before the Nigerian Civil War as Oil Palm Plantation Settlement. The settlement was handed over to the Cross River State Government shortly after the Nigerian civil war of 1967 to 1970, given that the location is in the state. However, the Erei community, where the oil palm plantation is located, has 10 villages, who now scramble for ownership. Meanwhile, as at the time of this report, the Army PPRO from 13 Brigade Army Headquarters Calabar, has confirmed the mobilisation of troops into the Abanwan and Urugbam area, to douse the tension.  (Nigerian Tribune) By Sunday Bassey Uyo   -   Gov. Udom Emmanuel of Akwa Ibom has called on warring communities in Oku Iboku clan in Itu Local Government Area and Ikot Offiong in Cross River to sheath their swords and embrace peace. Emmanuel made the call on Sunday when he led members… In "News" Two persons have been killed and five others abducted in Ekoli Edda Community, Afikpo South local government area of Ebonyi state The victims, according to the Police, were allegedlly attacked by gunmen from neighbouring Biase local government area of Cross River state. The two border communities have been having a… In "News" Two persons were feared dead while three others are missing in a renewed boundary clashes between the people of Izzi in Ebonyi State and the people of Obubra in Cross River State. News Express gathered that some houses in the community were also burnt while many residents of the area… In "News"