Apex Igbo socio-cultural group, Ohaneze Ndigbo have appealed to the North to support Igbo presidency in the forthcoming 2023 elections.  Leadership reports that Ohaneze Ndigbo made the appeal during a meeting with the national president of Arewa Youth Consultative Forum (AYCF), Yerima Shettima. Speaking on behalf of the group, the secretary-general of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro, said the support of the Northerners is needed. He also hinted that Igbos in the diaspora have set aside N10 billion to support any candidate of Igbo extraction that would emerge for the presidential race from any of the major political parties. He noted that Igbo nations including their kinsmen in Rivers and Delta States, have abundant human resources and brains that can produce an outstanding president if given the opportunity. The Ohanaeze leader mentioned politicians like Rotimi Amaechi, Peter Obi, Governor David Omahi, among others, as presidential materials. “We are here to beg northerners to support Igbo to get the 2023 presidency. We are begging the North to look at individual competence and not the region. We are begging the North to give us the opportunity. You should help us because we know that the North plays the role of kingmaker in politics of this country. We are here to ask you to support an Igbo man for the presidency. There should be no more abusive words between North and South East as we used to read on pages of newspapers. What happened to the cordial relationship between Zik and Tafawa Balewa? What happened to the good relationship between North and South East? We must bring back the good memories of the old days for the unity and development of Nigeria. Igbo have over 1 trillion investments in the North. We are for one Nigeria; we are not for Biafra. We need somebody that is of age that can unite Nigeria. We believe in one Nigeria. We have abundant human resources that can take over from Buhari. We have people who are committed to serving Nigeria. We have seven states, including Rivers and Delta States where we have Igbo-speaking brothers. We have politicians like Rotimi Amaechi, Peter Obi, Rochas Okorocha, among others that can run for the presidency”. Responding, Shettima told the delegation that it was good to negotiate and lobby when seeking for power, adding that nobody has ever achieved political results through threat or blackmail. “I have always believed in Pan Nigeria. I believe in the unity of one Nigeria. I have been part of many struggles. I am not happy that Nigeria is not where it is. People who don’t have an idea of the history of Nigeria resorted to abusive words and threats. They resorted to championing the cause of Biafra. Gone are those days you use threats to look for power. It is a welcome development that you are here to discuss the 2023 general election. Politics is about negotiation and lobbying. You need to rise above board. Nobody will trust power to you if you resort to threat and blackmail. However, democratically, I don’t understand what zoning means. I believe that you should bring out your candidate and we will bring out our own, and by the time we meet at the contest, whoever wins, should carry the day. Nonetheless, we will go back to our elders and report to them about your visit and mission,” Shettima said.  Source The Youth Council of the Apex Igbo socio-cultural organization Ohanaeze Ndigbo says it is time a Nigerian of Igbo extraction becomes president of Nigeria. Addressing a press conference in Abakaliki, the Ebonyi state capital, the general secretary of the council, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike advised Igbos to united ahead of the… In "News" The Ebonyi State Governor David Umahi has been warned not to trade the chances of the South East in 2023 presidential election by his planned defection to the All Progressives Congress (APC) this week. It was reported that Governor Umahi confirmed his defection during a stakeholders meeting in his Uburu… In "Politics" Abuja - Ohanaeze Ndigbo yesterday declared that Igbo presidency would put an end to the agitation for Biafra nation in the South Eastern part of the country. The Chidi Ibe led Ohanaeze Ndigbo made the declaration while responding to a statement credited to Kaduna State governor, Nasir El-Rufai that Igbo… In "Top Stories"