The UN Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO), on Monday launched a comprehensive response plan for the Horn of Africa as more than US$ 138 million is needed to assist rural communities affected by extended drought in the region.A third consecutive year of poor rains is posing a major threat to food security in countries already facing natural resource limitations and conflict, the COVID-19 pandemic, and locust invasions during 2020-21.FAO fears that a large-scale hunger crisis could break out if food-producing rural communities do not receive adequate assistance timed to the needs of the upcoming agricultural seasons. The bulk of the funding under the FAO Horn of Africa Drought Response Plan, US$ 130 million, is urgently needed by the end of February, to provide critical assistance to highly-vulnerable communities in the three most impacted countries: Ethiopia, Kenya and Somalia. Projections indicate that some 25.3 million people will face “high acute food insecurity” by the middle of 2022, should the scenario materialise, FAO said it would place the Horn of Africa among the world’s largest-scale food crises. “We know from experience that supporting agriculture at moments like this is hugely impactful – that when we act fast and at the right moment to get water, seeds, animal feed, veterinary care, and much needed cash to at-risk rural families, then hunger catastrophes can be averted,” Rein Paulsen, the agency’s Director of Emergencies and Resilience said. “Well, the right moment is now. We urgently need to support pastoralists and farms in the Horn, immediately, because the cycle of the seasons waits for no one.”Paulsen warned that the clock is already ticking as the lean season, which just started, has been marked by limited grazing opportunities for pastoralist families whose livestock will need nutritional and veterinary support. Meanwhile, families who rely on producing crops will need seeds and other supplies in time for the planting season that begins in March. The FAO plan targets 1.5 million of the most at-risk rural populations in Ethiopia, Kenya and Somalia. For pastoralist families, support will include providing animal feed and nutritional supplements, as well as mobile veterinary health clinics, to keep their livestock healthy and producing milk; transporting water to 10,000 litre collapsible water reservoirs set up in remote areas, and upgrading existing wells to run on solar power. Crop-reliant families will receive seeds of drought-tolerant early-maturing varieties of sorghum, maize, cowpea and mung bean, and nutrient-dense vegetables. The UN agency also aims to arrange for pre-planting land-ploughing services and access to irrigation, as well as training on good agricultural practices. Cash for work programmes would allow able-bodied households to earn extra income by helping to rehabilitate irrigation canals, boreholes or other agricultural infrastructure. Those not able to work due to health or other reasons will receive “unconditional infusions of cash”. FAO said that providing rural families with extra disposable income gives them the means to buy food at market while they wait for their harvests to come in. In Somalia, the FAO plan calls for the provision of boats, equipment and training to help coastal communities who do not typically fish, to secure a new and much-needed source of nutrition, building on existing programmes to promote the diversification of livelihoods in the country. FAO said if fully funded, the plan would allow for the production of up to 90 million litres of milk and up to 40,000 tonnes of staple food crops in the first part of 2022, putting over one million highly food insecure people on a safe footing, for at least six months. Rome  -  Food and Agriculture Organisation’s (FAO) Country Representative, Amadou-Allahoury Diallo, said the organisation urgently need 13 million U.S. dollars by the end of March to support more than 600,000 of the worst affected people in Ethiopia. He said on Monday in Italy that call for the money by the… In "News" By Bukola Adewumi Abuja - Mr Qu Dongyu, Director-General, Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) has underscored the need to use agriculture as a tool to end hunger and poverty in the world. Qu made this known in a statement issued by David Tsokar, National Communication Officer of FAO on Thursday… In "Foreign" By Prudence Arobani   New York   -    The Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) said its 2018 humanitarian response plan for Nigeria had only been 53.6 per cent funded with the year already halved. FAO, in a new report on ‘underfunded appeals for countries experiencing complex crises’, said out of the… In "News"