By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, (SGF), Anyim Pius Anyim has urged the Supper Eagles of Nigeria to the AFCON 2021 football competition with courage and confidence and make the country proud, win the final game and bring home the golden Cup. Anyim gave the charge in his message of goodwill and solidarity with our national team which he personally signed and made available to Sundiata Post. The goodwill message reads in full: My dear brothers in the Super Eagles contingent, I bring you warm greetings and best wishes this new year. Let me heartily congratulate you, first and foremost, for qualifying for this 33rd Edition of the African Cup of Nations 2021 tournament which kicks off on Sunday, January 9, 2022, in Cameroon. As you join the other teams from the rest of Africa to compete for the trophy, I want you to rest assured that Nigerians are praying for your success. I am glad that after some hiccups and postponements due to a number of factors, including the Covid-19 pandemic, the bi-annual soccer fiesta is finally here again. I therefore urge you all, our national soccer pride and worthy Ambassadors, the Super Eagles of Nigeria, to go out there with courage and confidence, once again, in Garova, Cameroon, on Tuesday, January 11, 2022, and make us proud, as you file out to engage the Pharaohs of Egypt in the Group D opening game. And thereafter continue to show the stuff you are made of in the other games until you win the final game and bring home the golden Cup. I want you to remember, our talented Super Eagles Champions and the management team of this tournament, that the joy of our people and the hope of our dear country winning the fourth continental title in this edition of the AFCON 2021, rests on your able shoulders. I have no doubts whatsoever that you are equal to the task. As you know, Nigerians love soccer and will be glued to their television sets watching and cheering you all the way to the finals by the grace of God. I wish you a crisis and injury-free tournament as we look forward to receiving you home with pride on your return. May the good Lord watch over you all as you Labour to bring honor to our fatherland, Nigeria, once again! Anyim Pius Anyim, GCON •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim Former Senate President, Anyim Pius Anyim, is intensifying his efforts to secure the buy-in of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) stakeholders in his aspiration to fly the party's flag in the 2023 presidential election. The former Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) declared his… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former Secretary to the Government of the Federation and former Senate President, Anyim Pius Anyim has eulogised Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe on the ocassion of his 66th birthday. Senator Anyim who said he wishes to be like Senator Abaribe, highlighted that he first know… In "Top Stories" Abuja - Nigeria Football Federation boss Amaju Pinnick says the federation held talks with Roma manager Jose Mourinho in its search for a coach for the Super Eagles, The PUNCH reports. Pinnick, who stated this during a media parley with sports journalists in Lagos on Wednesday, said the Eagles would… In "Sports"