The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has arrived in Ogun for the inauguration of some projects executed by the state governor, Dapo Abiodun.  Buhari who arrived at 11.37am was received by Abiodun, governors of Yobe, Ekiti, Ondo and Osun states and other top government officials at Mojoda area in the Ijebu-Ode Council Area. Buhari was dressed in flowing agbada made with the popular local Adire material. The President immediately cut the tape for the inauguration of the 14 km Ijebu-Ode /Mojoda/Epe Expressway. Buhari, during the visit, would inaugurate the 42km Sagamu Interchange–Abeokuta dual carriageway, which is now renamed as the President Muhammadu Buhari Expressway. The President is expected to inaugurate two housing estates during the visit, the 527-Unit Low and Medium Housing scheme at Kobape in Obafemi-Owode Local Government and the 83 -Unit duplexes at Kings Court Estate at Oke Mosan, in Abeokuta. Buhari is also scheduled to hold a stakeholders’ meeting at the Presidential Lodge in Abeokuta to end the visit. Perish your dream to become Nigeria’s President, HURIWA tells UmahiThe President, during his visit, will also attend a town hall meeting where he is expected to interact with stakeholders and leaders of the All Progressives Congress in the state. Meanwhile, the ancient city of Abeokuta is wearing a new look with the highways, bridges and other major public institutions and places being beautifully decorated as part of arrangement to add colour to the programme. The Federal Road Safety Corps and the state traffic monitoring and control agency had closed some major roads to traffic while they created and opened up alternative routes in the state.  Source President Muhammadu Buhari will visit Ogun state on Thursday, January 13. A statement issued by Kunle Somorin, the Chief Press Secretary to Ogun State Governor, Dapo Abiodun, says during the visit, the President will inaugurate some of the infrastructural projects executed by the governor. According to the statement, the President… In "News" Ogun State Governor Dapo Abiodun has said his administration will shop for N13billion to fix roads at Ota in Ado-Odo/Ota Local Government. He said plans had reached advanced stage to build three housing estates in Ijebu Ode, Ota and Ilaro. According to him, while 250 houses are meant for Ijebu… In "News" ABEOKUTA (Sundiata Post) - The Presidential and National Assembly elections in Ogun State held on Saturday was peaceful with little skirmishes in various parts of  the state. The All Progressives Congress seems to be in early lead in some polling units so far as at the time of filing this… In "News"