Nollywood actress, Tonto Dikeh, has revealed that she had, at a point in her life, ignored the ‘bad’ in someone because she loved them.  The mother-of-one revealed this on her verified Instagram page on Monday, explaining that such a decision was the most toxic thing she had ever done. “One of the most toxic things I have ever done is to ignore the bad in someone because I love them,” she wrote. Don’t be me”. Towards the end of 2021, the controversial actress has stated that the past year was one of love and betrayal for her, adding that “2022 shall be even greater and better.” In the caption, she warned her fans against following her footsteps as she wrote, “Don’t be me”. Towards the end of 2021, the controversial actress has stated that the past year was one of love and betrayal for her, adding that “2022 shall be even greater and better.” Tonto Dikeh was involved in quite a number of controversies in 2021. In August, she fell out with her ex-boyfriend, Prince Kpokpogri, and they had a messy breakup. The matter had another twist when Tonto stated that dancer and Instagram sensation, Janemena, was cheating on her husband. This led to Janemena demanding the sum of N500m from Tonto Dikeh for alleged libel and the duo engaged in a clash of words on social media. Tonto Dikeh, the popular Nollywood Actress, has revealed lessons learnt in 2021 while taking stock of her experiences and failed relationships. Tonto in an Instagram post shared on Thursday said 2021 is a year that she fully understood the undefiled art of love and betrayal. The mother of one had… In "Entertainment" Hours after controversial actress, Tonto Dikeh revealed that she has forgiven her ex-husband and the father of her son, Olakunle Churchill, she has pointed out that she isn't asking for forgiveness in return. In a post she shared on her Instagram page this morning, the mum of one wrote; ''YES,… In "Entertainment" Actress Tonto Dikeh has, in an Instagram post, said that she and actor Uche Maduagwu are not friends, adding that they do not know each other. Uche, had in an Instagram post two days ago, referred to Tonto as his “friend” and “sister.”  He had said, “This woman [referring to… In "Entertainment"