National Coordinator of Congress of University Academics, CONUA, Dr Niyi Sunmonu has berated Academic Staff Union of Universities at the Obafemi Awolowo University over threat of strike on the issue of earned allowance. OAU ASUU had on Tuesday threatened to embatk on industrial action over the institution’s management refusal to pay its members it due earned allowance after the money was released by the Federal Government. READ ALSO:Police arrest 6 suspects after gun battle between hoodlums, hunters leaves one dead However, Sunmonu said the refusal of ASUU members to subject their claims to verification as practised previously need explanation, adding that CONUA is insisting that verification must be done to ascertain claims submitted by lecturers. According to him, while the first tranche of the money was to be paid, both ASUU and CONUA agreed on the need for verification by the National Universities Commission, NUC, but now they are trying to avoid the same exercise because the university is to conduct the verification. “It is quite funny changing the rule of the game in the middle of the game. This was part of the questions that we post to the University management during our meeting with them that what has changed with verification. “The Vice Chancellor, Professor Eyitope Ogunbodede told us that the verification would have to be done here because things have changed. Please verify from our friends on the other side why they are afraid of verification if they had nothing to hide. Meanwhile, the school management, in a statement issued by the Public Relations Officer, Abiodun Olarewaju said the University is not holding the money but it is yet to be paid due to disagreement between members of the academic Staff. “The Management of the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife, is not holding on to the money in any way and we are ready to give every eligible member their entitlement. “In any case, the University Management has paid the non teaching Unions but because there is a disagreement between the members of the academic staff which the University Management wants them to resolve and come up with a common position. And when that is done, the University Management will release the money and give every eligible academic staff their due”, the statement reads. •Dr Chris Ngige ABUJA - As members of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) continue their 10-month old strike, the Federal Government has commenced the process of registering a rival union. Sen Chris Ngige, Minister of Labour and Employment, dropped this on Thursday in Abuja when the leadership of… In "Top Stories" A breakaway faction of the Academic Staff of Universities (ASUU), identified as Congress of Universities Academic (CONUA), at the weekend, urged Vice Chancellors of various public universities in the country to immediately recall students back to campus for academic activities, saying CONUA members across the nation are not on strike.… In "News" By Desmond Ejibas Port Harcourt - The Congress of University Academics (CONUA), a faction of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), says it has opened its branch at the University of Port Harcourt.The groups South-South National Deputy Coordinator 1, Dr Iyawe Hanson, announced this to newsmen at a briefing… In "News"