 The situation in the migrant crisis on the EU’s eastern external border with Belarus has eased, according to EU Home Affairs Commissioner, Ylva Johansson. “Now we have clear de-escalation of the situation,’’ Johansson said at a conference in the Lithuanian capital Vilnius on Friday. Lukashenko seems to have lost his interest in using the migrants in an instrumentalised way. “Of course, we do not know, because we have to stay vigilant.’’ For months, thousands of migrants have been trying to cross the EU’s external borders from Belarus to Poland or the Baltic states. The EU accuses Belarusian ruler Alexander Lukashenko of deliberately flying people from crisis regions such as Iraq or Afghanistan to Minsk in order to smuggle them into the EU. Lithuania was particularly affected by this in the beginning. “The situation was very different then. “We were really in a crisis. We saw this aggression from Lukashenko,’’ Johansson said, referring to her last visit to Lithuania in August 2021. The EU commissioner praised the Baltic state and her host, Interior Minister, Agne Bilotaite, for their handling of the crisis. “I think that you have acted very well to deal with this very difficult situation.’’ (NAN) The Polish Border Guard (SG) has recorded more than 3,200 illegal attempts to cross into the country from neighbouring Belarus since the beginning of September. It said 238 attempts on Thursday alone; a spokesperson told the PAP news agency on Friday. Meanwhile, a group of refugees who had been stuck… In "Foreign" Brussels - European Union leaders holding an emergency summit were expected to endorse sanctions on Belarusian officials blamed for election fraud, but signalled reluctance to take steps that might be seen as a bid to pry the country from Moscow’s orbit. President Alexander Lukashenko has faced mass street demonstrations since… In "Foreign" President Alexander Lukashenko said on Thursday that Belarus would close parts of the country’s border with Lithuania in order to stop migrants who have crossed into Lithuania from coming back. “From today, no one will be allowed to cross the border from any side, neither from the south nor from… In "Foreign"