A Ghanaian man is in pain after discovering that he is not the biological father of his last child.  According to him, his wife confessed that his last child belongs to his bestfriend who helped him to travel to Australia. Read his full story below; ”We both got married in our early 20s. The truth is that I have loved my wife all my life until this time and I would want to believe she had loved me too. When we got married, I was a spare parts dealer at Abossey Okai and to the glory of God I made more than enough to cater for the family. The first 5 years of our marriage gave us two children then suddenly out of nowhere my business began facing some unforeseen crises. Things went so bad that I was almost always running into losses. When I couldn’t take it any longer I sought help from a friend who I’ve been good to in my hay days, to lend me some money so I could travel overseas for greener pastures. This, I sat with my wife one midnight and made her understand why I needed to do that. Though it hurt she finally agreed to me travelling. I prayed and fasted a lot into this and things went on smoothly, and I finally travelled to Australia. Whilst there, favour smiled on me and I found a job in no time that paid so well. I worked like a slave because I needed to make a lot of money to send home. I’m the type I hate to see my family lack. So when I finally settled on my own I sent home every month close to GHc 8,000 just so my wife and children will feel comfortable. After 4 years of stay I then decided for the first time to visit home. I was happy to see my family again after that long time. I went back to Australia only to receive the good news from my wife that she was pregnant. I was so much happy and began working my ass out again. It was during these moments that I decided to let them could join me here. So on my next visit to Ghana (which took another 3 years), I contracted a ‘connection’ man to fast-track things on our behalf so I could go back with the entire family. Now this is where things got complicated – the DNA of the last child proved negative, meaning she’s not my child, and had this not happened I wouldn’t have known that I was fathering someone else’s child. The night when the news broke out, I had to literally threaten my wife to tell me who the father of the child was and what she told me is what has taken all energy out of me. The father of the child is this same best friend who lent me money to travel overseas. This is somebody I’ve known all my life, we lived in the same neighbourhood, went to the same school and even shared a lot of secrets together. I’m losing it as I put this story out, I’m confused and I just don’t know what to do. I’ve slept in the hotel for the past three days because I’m afraid being with my wife in the same house would make me do something silly. I need advice on what to do seriously. I cannot think of any better solution to this issue and I would want sane people to put themselves in my shoes and offer some pieces of advice to me.”  Source There was confusion on Saturday at the Great Salvation Christian Centre, aka Father’s Church, on Ako Aro Road, in the Ifako-Ijaiye area of Lagos State, after a man, Iberemu Osadebe, disrupted an ongoing wedding in the church. He claimed that the bride, Gloria, was his wife. PUNCH Metro gathered that… In "Metro" By Olayinka Oyegbile and Gboyega Alaka • Blames mother-in-law • Exonerates former Vice President It seemed quite like an epic love story. Love-struck aristocratic young man, fighting off all oppositions, including his mother, to be with his heartthrob. Woman giving up everything to be with her beau, and three lovely… In "Features" A man has been left in a state of emotional pain after discovering that his wife is a chronic cheat.  A Nigerian man has cried out for help after finding out that his wife is a chronic cheat.  He wrote:  "My story is too long but let me try to… In "Entertainment"