By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Secretary General of Academic Staff Union of Research Institutions (ASURI) Dr. Theophilus Ndubuaku has identified that the poverty ravaging Nigeria today is a function of lack of coordination and funding of research. He further stated that there is a direct relationship between poverty and insecurity. He stated this in a chat with our correspondent in his Abuja office. Dr Ndubuaku noted that a country that is one of the most richest in the world has no business with poverty if it has embraced research because it’s research that leads to job creation and in turn the elimination of unemployment. The reason why Nigeria is the poverty capital of the world is not far-fetched; the research institutions in Nigeria have been on strike for more than one year now, he lamented. Adding that no country has ever developed or will develop without research. According to him, “It will shock you to hear that the cause of the strike is just the implementation of the condition of service that was negotiated for fifteen (15) years, what ordinarily takes three (3) months to finish. And it was released but ministries said that they will not implement it. Their reason is that the Head of Service did not send it directly to them but to Science and Tech. That’s the ragging battle. Tell me, what is in sending a document that you negotiated, that you were part of the negotiation and agreement that, yes we have trashed out, now Head of Service clean up and approve. So what is the problem with how it is routed? Today, Nigeria is the poverty capital of the world because it has relegated research as a result, insecurity is now the order of the day, he stated. However, “the National Policy on Science and Technology reviewed in 2012 made provision for the establishment of National Research and Innovation Council (NR&IC), to coordinate and fund research in Nigeria, with everything laid out. That Council is supposed to be chaired by the President with the Vice President as the Vice Chairman. And all the ministries that coordinate research as member of the Council’s governing board. The council is now supposed to establish the organization itself – its Chief Executive and others. These are all specified in the National Policy on Science and Technology 2012 which was the last review. So the government knows that it’s research institute that has the mandate to generate appropriate technology with traditional approach that will be presented to the farmer or engineer or entrepreneur to create jobs. That was why when Buhari assumed office in 2015, within one year of coming into office, immediately after he appointed ministers, January 16 or so, he re-inaugurated the National Council not Policy because policy is already gazetted as policy on governance with all the members of the board in attendance but without the organization set-up. Buhari during the inauguration of national research and innovation council, said that with the inauguration of this Council, that Nigeria will start producing noble laurels. So Buhari himself recognised that the reason why Nigeria is not producing noble laurels is because of the absence of this Council. Now about that same period, the Chinese Ambassador was shouting (and it was reported) that insecurity in Nigeria is a function of unemployment and that it is not what military invasion will solve. Now, how many years ago, almost seven year ago, insecurity is now everywhere in the country. And Chinese Ambassador should know because this is a country that has the highest population in the world. Why don’t they have banditry? It is because they create employment. He was shouting that Nigeria should generate technology and create employment, that this Boko Haram cannot be stopped with military offensive. But our government developed deaf ear and now have they solved it. Instead they are buying Alpha Jets and bombing people, and the end to insecurity is not yet at sight. Sometimes they will tell you they raided their camp, maximum of 50 bandits, in fact that will be too much in a place, but in that place if you see fifty bandits, you have more than two hundred kidnapped victims. So if you bomb them and even most of the victims have their hands tied and they can’t even run away, so they are in a settlement, go and bomb and you bomb people because the Boko Haram members are sleeping is the bush and you kill innocent citizens. They are not telling us who they are killing in this government, what you know is that there are victims because these victims are kept together in shanties, the Boko Haram members are in the bush, you go and bomb hundreds of people that they have kidnapped. So what I am trying to establish is that it has long been established that it is joblessness that leads to insecurity. If you don’t do research, you won’t create job and joblessness leads to insecurity. And you are not addressing the root cause of insecurity. Dr Ndubuaku stressed that applied research (not sky-blue research of universities) is key to technological innovations that will lead to job creation in Nigeria for the country to overcome it’s daunting economic challenges and occupy its pride of place in comity of developed nations.  The Academic Staff Union of Research Institutions (ASURI) has lamented the lack of adequate funding for research in the country, urging the National Assembly to re-enact the National Research and Innovation Council Bill. Speaking to newsmen in Abuja, the Secretary General of ASURI, Dr Theophilous Ndubuaku, stressed the disgrace it… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Research experts in Nigeria under the aegis of Academic Staff Union of  Research Institutions on Friday took to the streets in Abuja, ventilating their grievances over government's lack of funding of the nation's research institutes. They therefore called on President Muhammadu Buhari and the National Assembly … In "Top Stories" By Esenvosa Izah Lagos - The Academic Staff Union of Research Institutions (ASURI) has appealed to the Federal Government to commit at least 20 per cent of all monetary donations it received as Coronavirus donation toward funding health-related research institutes. Its Secretary General, Mr Theophilus Ndubuaku, made the plea in… In "News"