A United States lady, who is based in Texas and identified as African Doll, has accused Nigerian gospel music minister, Sammie Okposo, of impregnating and abandoning her.  The lady in question made the accusation in a discussion with a YouTuber, Obodo Naija TV. She disclosed that she met Sammie in Texas when he was on a tour of the US and he invited her to his hotel where she spent the night and messed around with him. Alongside screenshots of a conversation with the gospel artiste, Doll claimed she had a relationship for months and spent time together until she found out she was pregnant in January. She disclosed that Sammie told her to abort the baby when she informed him of the pregnancy. “Sammie okposo got me pregnant and does not want to take responsibility and blocked me on all social media platforms. “We met at a concert in one church close to my home and we started following each other on Instagram. He asked for my number from Instagram and we started conversing regularly. “He invited me to his show in Houston Texas in November 2021, he invited me to his hotel and we hung out. I spent the night with him until the next morning. “We kept speaking even when he invited me to Nigeria, we messed around on several occasions. I am accountable for my part. In December again , he invited me to his show and we messed around. “I know it’s wrong what I did sleeping with a married man and tried to communicate with him so we can find a way out but he kept telling me I’m trying to disgrace him.” She, however, said she’s not trying to get anything from him or blackmail him but he disrespected her by calling her names. “After I left the hospital and called him, he told me to do the needful and get rid of the child after I told him I was pregnant. “He blocked me and called me names when the issue of the baby came up,” she claimed. She added that she came out because Sammie has left her to sort out the issue alone. This is coming at a time when Sammie Okposo apologised to his wife for cheating on her with a mystery lady in the US in 2021.  Source Popular gospel artiste, Sammie Okposo, on Tuesday tendered a public apology to his wife, Ozioma, and his fans after he confessed to cheating on his wife. The Wellu Wellu master, as he is fondly called, took to his Instagram account to reveal that when he travelled to the United States,… In "Entertainment" BENIN - A renowned Pop-Gospel artist, Sammie Okposo, on Thursday night in Benin, called for unity among the nation’s gospel artistes.Okposo made the call during the Candlelight Service for the late artiste, Kefee (Irikefe Don-Momoh, nee Obareki) which held at the Oba Akenzua Cultural Complex, Benin City.He stressed that Gospel… In "Style" Gospel singer, Sammie Okposo has lambasted the founder and leader of leader of Kharis Church in the United Kingdom, Pastor David Antwi for saying that instrumentalist who collect money for playing instruments are thieves. SEE You’re A Thief If You Play Church Instrument And Collect Money – Pastor Reveals “You’re… In "News"