Nigerian singer, Michael Adebayo Olayinka popularly known as Ruger has disclosed why he wears an eye patch.  The Bounce crooner made this disclosure during an interview after he was asked the secret behind his signature one-eyed look. Responding, he said: “My name is Ruger. I don’t shoot literally but musically I shoot. The way a sniper closes one eye to aim and hit their target is how I am with my music, one eye is shut so I can focus well, aim and hit right with my songs and projects.” Ruger’s attention was also drawn to his colleague, Rema who recently decided to further his studies in Unilag, and he affirmed that education is definitely among his plans. “Rema recently went back to school, I know. However, my plans towards furthering your education is personal. I’d do it when I want to do it and I guess you will know when it happens.” Asked if there no pressure his parents concerning your education, the Dior Crooner answered thus “Honestly, I won’t call it ‘pressure’. My parents are understanding of the situation and encouraged me. In the period of seeking admission into the university, I got working, just to gain knowledge from other fields. I worked at the popular Computer Village in Lagos. I started as an apprentice at a store that fixed phones before becoming an engineer after some months. I gained all that knowledge, learnt some new things, so there wasn’t any pressure whatsoever and by the third year, I met D’Prince.”   Source Crooner, Kizz Daniel's girlfriend, Adedamola, an Instagram model and a graduate of Afe Babalola University is rumoured to be pregnant for him but not yet showing because she is still in her first trimester. According to the report, Adedamola has informed Kizz Daniel of the pregnancy and he has told… In "Metro" BY BAMIDELE JOHNSON On a trip back from the Lagos Island two weeks ago, I saw how sexy Ilubinrin, once a fishing community, has become. It certainly was not the first time of seeing the transformation of the community from a collection of shanties to a gleaming neighborhood, but the… In "Social Media Feeds" Famous Nigerian singer, Rema and DJ Neptune have reconciled after the former called him out for releasing his old song without his permission. DAILY POST recalls that Rema via his Twitter handle asked Dj Neptune to delete the song ‘For You’, which he released without his permission or be ready… In "Entertainment"