The Sokoto/Zamfara Command of the Nigeria Customs Service has denied reports that four persons died in a crash allegedly caused by its officers on Sunday.  The command, in a statement issued by the Public Relations Officer, Balarabe Yusuf, on behalf of the Area Controller, Abdulhameed Ma’aji, however, confirmed that one passenger died in the accident, while others, who sustained injuries, were taken to hospital for treatment. The statement read, “On January 2, 2022, officers of the Nigeria Customs Service, Sokoto/Zamfara Command Mobile Team ‘A’, based on credible intelligence about smuggled goods, mounted a stop-and-search operation at Asara village, along the Sokoto-Illela Road. “Around 8am, a Toyota Avensis with tinted glasses believed to be conveying smuggled items was flagged down for a search, but the driver, upon sighting officers, tried to escape and in the process almost knocked down one of the officers, who quickly jumped out of his way. “Unfortunately, the vehicle ran into an oncoming commercial vehicle, had a head-on collision that resulted in the death of one passenger, while others sustained injuries and were taken to a nearby hospital for treatment. “However, some unscrupulous elements, who disguised as sympathisers, mobbed our officers at the point and in the process set one patrol vehicle and a private vehicle belonging to one of the officers ablaze. “In order to contain the situation from further escalating, the Customs Area Controller, Comptroller Abdulhameed Ma’aji, sent a reinforcement team, which succeeded in restoring law and order in the area.” Earlier reports, however, indicated that four persons died and six others were injured in the accident, which involved three commercial vehicles.  Source By Habibu Harisu   Sokoto   -     Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) said its command in Sokoto, Kebbi and Zamfara zone had intercepted 506 bags of foreign rice concealed in bags of beans smuggled into the country. The command’s Controller, Mr Nasir Ahmad, made this known to newsmen on… In "News" By Habibu Harisu Sokoto -  The Nigeria Customs Service (NSC) says it has arrested two suspects for allegedly smuggling 446 jerry cans of vegetable oil in Sokoto. The NCS Comptroller for Sokoto, Kebbi and Zamfara Command, Mr Nasir Ahmad, told newsmen on Wednesday in Sokoto that the items were concealed… In "Business" Two months after,the Nigeria Customs Service patrol vehicle’s ghastly accident which claimed 10 lives in Jibia, Katsina State, is still being investigated. The PUNCH recalls that the patrol vehicle had veered off the road in Jibia while chasing a vehicle believed to be conveying smuggled items, killing 10 people and… In "News"