The House of Representatives is looking into the alleged missing 178,459 arms and ammunition of the Nigeria Police Force, as contained in the 2019 report of the Auditor General for the Federation.  The decision was taken after a motion on matters of urgent public importance by the deputy minority leader, Toby Okechukwu (PDP, Enugu), was adopted at the plenary on Thursday January 20. In his presentation, Okechukwu noted that the audit of Arms Movement Register, Monthly Returns of Arms and Ammunition and Ammunition Register at the Armoury Section revealed that the total number of lost firearms as of December 2018 stood at 178,459 pieces. The lawmaker said; “Out of this number, 88,078 were AK-47 rifles, 3,907 assorted rifles and pistols across different police formations, which could not be accounted for as of January 2020. “The findings in the report that the police high command failed to keep a record of unserviceable and expired firearms and ammunition; owing to non-compliance to the internal control system of the Nigeria Police Force. “Records of the total number of unserviceable firearms were not produced for examinations and there were no returns from Adamawa State Command, Police Mobile Force (PMF) 46, 56, 64 and 68 for the period under review”. The Inspector-General of Police was further directed by the house of representatives member to take urgent actions to apprehend those culpable for the depletion of the armoury of the Nigeria Police Force. The house committee on police affairs was also directed to investigate and report back to the House within four weeks.  Source By Muhammad Nasir Bashir Dutse - The Police Command in Jigawa has recovered 116 assorted firearms, 65 rounds of ammunition and six life cartridges in the ongoing nationwide recovery of prohibited and illegal firearms by the police. The Commissioner of Police in the state, Bala Sanci, disclosed this at a… In "Metro" By Ramatu Garba Kano -    The Police Command in Kano State says it has recovered 60 illegally acquired firearms and some ammunition in the state in the ongoing nationwide recovery of prohibited and illegal firearms. The state Commissioner of Police, Mr Rabiu Yusuf, made the disclosure when he displayed the… In "Metro" By Samuel Ogundipe A few hours to the end of his reign as Ogun State helsman, embattled Governor Ibikunle Amosun contacted the state’s Commissioner of Police, Bashir Makama, confessing that he had thousands of arms and millions of ammunition in store at a secret armoury in Government House, and that… In "Features"