An Ado Ekiti High Court on Wednesday sentenced 37-year-old Samuel Adebamigbe (a.k.a. Oosa) to life imprisonment for raping a 13-year-old. In his judgment, Justice Lekan Ogunmoye said the prosecution had proven its case beyond reasonable doubt. Ogunmoye said the sole issue for determination had been resolved in favour of the prosecution because the defendant willingly had sexual intercourse with the victim. “The defendant is hereby convicted as charged, he is sentenced to life imprisonment’’ the judge said. The victim’s counsel, Barrister Kunleshina Adeyemo called five witnesses and tendered statement of the victim, her birth certificate, medical report, among others, as exhibits. The convict, who called three witnesses, committed the offence on the Nov. 3, 2020 at Ado Ekiti, an offence contrary to Section31 (2) of the Child’s Right Law, Cap. C7, Laws of Ekiti State, 2012. The victim, in her statement to the police, said she was sent by her mother to deliver bread to the convict on request. According to the statement, after delivering the bread, the convict told her to buy him pepper soup in Ajilosun area of Ado Ekiti, but unknown to her, it was a hotel. “The convict asked her to sit in a room till when the pepper soup will be ready, when he came into the hotel room, he locked the door and had sexual intercourse with the victim twice. “The victim shouted for help but there was nobody to rescue her, the defendant later gave her N1,500 and warned her not to narrate the incident to anyone. She narrated the incident to her mother, who reported the case to the Police in Ajilosun. The convict was arrested and arraigned. Ekiti School Principal Bags Life Jail For Raping 12-year-old Girl on His Table In "Education" Ado-Ekiti  -  An Ado-Ekiti High Court on Tuesday sentenced a school proprietor, Ibitoye Babatunde to 10 years imprisonment for raping a 10-year-old girl. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the convict is the proprietor of God is Great Nursery and Primary school, Ado-Ekiti. In his judgment, Justice Mosun… In "Metro" By Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti, July 13, 2017 (NAN) An Ado-Ekiti High Court on Thursday sentenced a 19-year-old boy, Adeolu Bamiteko, to death by hanging for armed robbery. The Judge, Justice John Adeyeye, who handed the sentence, also slammed another 10-year jail term on the convict for unlawful possession of… In "Metro"