By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Chairman of the People’s Democratic Party, Plateau State, Hon. Chris Hassan has said if the former Chairman of the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC), Hon. Latep Daban defects to the PDP, the party will accept him back like the prodigal son. Chris Hassan said the former APC Chairman was in the PDP before joining the APC and nothing stops him from returning back to his former home. The PDP Chairman stated this Thursday in Jos, during an interaction with newsmen. Although he said it is still a rumour that the former APC Chairman is defecting to the PDP, but added that the party is waiting to receive him. His words: “I have heard rumours that Latep Daban wants to join the PDP. He is welcome. Was he not in the PDP before?. We formed this party with him and for whatever reason he left and went to the APC, but since he has seen a problem there, like the prodigal son, once he comes back we will accept him and his sins will be forgiven and will never be remembered again. “He went there and saw that they are not the kind of people he will coexist with and he decided to come back, should we stop him from returning home?. “If you are the father of that prodigal son, will you stop him from coming back home?. “Also, like others who wants to join him to return home, whatever sin they have committed will be forgiven and they will stand the chance like every other PDP member to contest for any position of their choice”, Hassan said. It would be recalled that in June 2021, the National Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC), of the APC, headed by Senator John James Akpanudoedehe, in a statement suspended Mr. Latep Daban, alleging anti-party activities. The statement revealed that the Chairman’s suspension was contained in a document endorsed by a good number of members of the state executive committee, which has Governor Simon Lalong as a member; hence cannot be ignored. Jos - Chief Letep Daban, the Chairman of All Progressives Congress (APC), Plateau chapter, has described the defection of Sen. Joshua Dariye from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to APC as a welcome development. He made the remark in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post)  -  As the 2019 general elections draw nearer, there are indications that Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the All Progressives Congress (APC) will again slug it out in Bayelsa State as it happened in 2015.   While the belief that the PDP is an Ijaw party is… In "Politics" Lagos PDP Chieftain, Lukman Ajose Defects To APC In "Politics"