The Federal Government has set a revenue target of N4.1trillion for the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) this year.  The service contributed N2.24trillion into the Consolidated Revenue Account (CRA) last year. The N4.1trillion revenue target was disclosed by the Customs Area Controller (CAC), Apapa command of the service, Me Yusuf Malanta, during a press briefing in Lagos yesterday. Malanta, who said the command was ready to actualise the revenue target for year 2022, disclosed that the command collected N870.4billion from importers in 2021. According to him, the revenue profile of the command significantly increased by 68 per cent in 2021 compared to N518.4 billion collected in 2020. He said: “Happy new year and welcome to 2022, the year of hope and high expectations, particularly with increase in the service revenue target to N4.1 trillion. For us in Apapa Area Command, we have already boarded and fastened our seat belts towards the realisation of this revenue target. “We hope that the service will surely leverage on the deployment of digital transformation of Customs business processes which will further take care of many control mechanisms through its risk management system. This transformation will further harmonise the activities of our stakeholders toward a seamless ease of doing business in the port.” Speaking on the revenue collected for 2021, Malanta said despite COVID-19, gridlock and other challenges, they were able to overshoot their target.  Source By Abiodun Lawal   Abeokuta  -    The Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) in Ogun, has tasked officers and men of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) to intensify efforts in reducing the spate of smuggling through the state. Mr Wale Adewunmi, the Chairman, Correspondents’ Chapel, Ogun council of NUJ, gave this… In "News" By Aisha Cole Lagos - The Apapa Area 1 Command of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) generated N404 billion in 2018, up from the N350.9 billion it generated during the same period in 2017. The Customs Area Controller of the command, Comptroller Bashir Abubakar, made this known while briefing newsmen… In "News" Lagos-  The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), Apapa Area 1 Command, on Wednesday said it would sanction clearing agents that refused to make honest declarations. Comptroller Eporwei Edike, the Customs Area Controller (CAC) of the Command, stated this at a stakeholders’ meeting in Apapa, organised to address the challenges confronting port… In "News"