Osun State governor, Adegboyega Oyetola, has advised workers in the state to shun indolence and be diligent.  Oyetola spoke in Osogbo at the prayer session organised to herald the new year held at the Government Secretariat, Abere on Tuesday. Commenting further, Oyetola, in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Ismail Omipidan, further said, “As we begin the journey of a new year, which, in many ways, is another defining year for our State, I urge us to commit to doing better, improve our personal and collective productivity, rededicate ourselves to the Omoluabi ethos that define us as a special people and race. “Let us shun indolence under whatever guise and reposition ourselves for a diligent and a more fulfilling work life. As we settle down to begin work this 2022, let us all remember to observe the Covid-19 protocol in our collective interest. We must at all times remember that the pandemic is still very much around and manifesting in waves. “As a show of leadership, I have taken the first, second and even the booster vaccine, It is safe. I implore all those who are yet to take the vaccines to please do so.” One killed, four injured as Amotekun, suspected hoodlums clash in OsunDuring the event, cars were presented to five workers adjudged to be outstanding in their duties, while some other workers went home with prizes that include; plasma tv and refrigerator among others.  Source By Victor Adeoti Osogbo -  Gov. Adegboyega Oyetola of Osun has called for religious tolerance, harmony and peaceful co-existence among the people of the state. Oyetola also urged religious leaders to desist from sermons that could divide the people along religious lines. He made the call at the New Year… In "News" By Victor Adeoti   Osogbo    -    Sen. Isiaka Adeleke, the winner of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) governorship primary in Osun, says a great battle lies ahead in the Sept. 22 election in the state. Adeleke, in a statement on Monday in Osogbo, said that his emergence as the PDP… In "News" By Victor Adeoti Osogbo -   Ahead of Saturday ’s governorship election in Osun, President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday in Osogbo canvassed support for the All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate, Alhaji Gboyega Oyetola. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that 13 APC governors, APC National Chairman, Mr Adams Oshiomhole,… In "Politics"