BY ELIJAH AYO AROWOJOLU I had looked forward to this great day, for this very reason that, by purpose, I live to connect people to their joy. This is my divinely ordained mission on this earth. Remember that woman, an Okra seller, Mrs Arike Akindele, whose son serenaded her in the open market in Lagos on the occasion of her birthday? Today, I presented a cash amount of N100,000 to the woman as a stimulus package to boost her trade. For a start, let me say straightaway that I am not the source of the money. The little story behind it is this. After I stumbled on the story of the surprise birthday serenade as shared by Punch Newspaper, I quickly posted it on my Facebook page, as a lover of good works. It was my Facebook page that a long time friend of mine, Ayodeji Adu, saw and quickly sent a whatsaap message: “Ayo, the story of this woman you posted on Facebook is so touching to me. Can you trace this woman for me? Can N100k make any meaning to support her trade?” For days, I did my research and found the woman. This was around December 1 or thereabout. I gave the feedback and my friend gave January 1 as the day to pick the money. For me, this indicates that it is not that Ayo Adu has surplus money. He must have sacrificed some other compelling needs just to give joy and smiles to somebody he doesn’t know or may never meet in life. This, to me, is the joy of living. Can you please pour out a blessing for Ayo Adu and also the mama in question with her son who initiated the whole process Surely, God’s hand is in this. “A man can receive nothing except he is given from above”(John 3: 27). Meanwhile, yours is on the way! Finally, this I say….IT PAYS TO BE A REGULAR FOLLOWER OF ELIJAH AYO AROWOJOLU on Facebook. •Source: Facebook A Nigerian lady has shocked her boyfriend with a kind gesture by gifting him a box of N40,000 in N1k notes as a birthday present. The story has made some shed joyful tears on social media asking God to bless them with such a woman. The lady by name, Adekemi… In "Metro" Abuja - The police on Thursday said it had arrested a comedian, Augustine Valentine, popularly known as `MC Fine’, for alleged spread of fake news. Biodun Makanjuola, Divisional Police Officer (DPO) of the force in Bwari, FCT, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), that Mr Valentine posted a false… In "Entertainment" BackYahooCoronavirus: Woman 'named and shamed' by neighbours on Facebook for not joining clap for carersRichard Williams, news reporterSky News24 April 2020, 15:50 GMT+1A woman says she was "named and shamed" by neighbours after she fell asleep and missed the weekly clap for carers tribute to NHS staff and key workers.… In "Foreign"