The member representing Lafia/Obi federal constituency at the National Assembly, Abubakar Sarki-Dahiru, has offered free medical services to no fewer than 650 people in his constituency in Nasarawa state.  Speaking at the closing ceremony of the 3-day free medical outreach on Sunday in Obi Local Government Area, Sarki-Dahiru, explained that the programme was aimed at ensuring that his constituents were healthy in order for them to continue to enjoy the dividends of democracy. Sarki-Dahiru who was represented by one of his aides, Abdullahi Ahmed-Dahiru, stated that the event was also to encourage residents of the area to know their HIV/AIDS status and on how to prevent transmission of the virus. He said, “The desire to organize this programme is because I was informed that most of my constituents have various health challenges and can not afford treatment in hospitals. A programme like this was held in Lafia LGA a few days ago and now we are in Obi LGA in a bid to touch the lives of our people. “We came here with medical doctors and drugs were given to people diagnosed with hypertension, malaria, typhoid fever, diabetes, HIV/AIDS and people who had issues with their eyes. Cases that required surgery were transferred to hospitals in Lafia, the state capital. “We hope to continue with this intervention whenever the resources are available.” In his speech, the Chief Executive Officer and Director of the firm who is also the leader of the medical team, Joshua Adetunji, commended the lawmaker for organising the free medical outreach for his constituents. He said, “The lawmaker has really done well for his people. Members of my team were able to attend to as many people as possible and I am happy that most of them are already recovering from their ailments”. Paul Ofega, who spoke for other beneficiaries of the free medical outreach programme, expressed gratitude to the lawmaker and prayed for God’s guidance and protection in his future endeavours. Our correspondent reports that representatives of the Federal Medical Centre, Keffi, were on the ground to ensure that all medical rules concerning outreaches were observed.  Source By Mohammed Baba Busu Nassarawa Eggon (Nasarawa State)  -Mr Abel Bala, member representing Nassarawa Eggon West Constituency at the Nasarawa State House of Assembly has reassured the people of his constituency of better days ahead, promising to improve on their standard of living. Bala gave the assurance while speaking with… In "Politics" By Mohammed Baba Busu Lafia - Some lawmakers in Nasarawa on Wednesday  urged members of their constituencies to  pray for President Muhammadu Buhari and support him as he struggled to resuscitate the ailing economy. The lawmakers, Mr.Murtala Sodangi and Mohammed Okpoku, members of Nasarawa state House of Assembly, made the… In "News" By Olukayode Babalola Lafia -  The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) in Nasarawa state says it will implement its 2016 Health Initiative For Rural Dwellers (HIRD) next week. Mrs Habiba Bappah, the state NYSC Coordinator, told newsmen in Lafia on Friday that the weeklong event would start on Oct. 11… In "News"