Former Minister of Works, Senator Dayo Adeyeye, and six other governorship aspirants on the platform of the All Progressives Congress have withdrawn from the party’s primary election in Ekiti State.  Others, who withdrew, according to a statement on Thursday, are a former governorship aspirant, Kayode Ojo; Demola Popoola; Femi Bamisile; former House of Representatives member, Bamidele Faparusi; National Assembly member, Senator Opeyemi Bamidele; and Afolabi Oluwasola. They alleged that the primary election committee is made up of loyalists of Governor Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti State, claiming that the governor is attempting to impose former Secretary to the State Government, Biodun Oyebanji, as the Ekiti APC governorship candidate. This is as some members of the party protested against the process of the governorship primary election scheduled to take place on Thursday (today). The statement read, “The seven aspirants herein received with rude shock and dismay the purported list of local government election committee and ward election committee made up solely by party members and political appointees that had before now openly endorsed the candidacy of Biodun Oyebanji the immediate past secretary to the state government. “It is on record that the government of Governor Kayode Fayemi has given its unwavering support to the candidacy of Biodun Oyebanji, it is common knowledge that the Governor and most appointees of the governor are openly rooting for and supporting Biodun Oyebanji’s aspiration to become the flag bearer of our great party. “What is more disturbing is the fact that a simple glance at the names of the persons appointed as members of both committees would reveal that it is made up of appointees of government who are all supporters of a candidate in the primary election they are appointed to superintend on. “The seven candidates herein are loyal, faithful and committed party members who are sincerely concerned about the chances of the party in the forthcoming 2022 governorship election where an imposition is allowed to override a democratic primary election for determining its flag bearer. “We request that both the local government election committee and ward election committee that were constituted on the list already in circulation be disbanded and replaced with names that would reinforce internal democracy and uphold the aims and objectives of the party.”  Source The Governor of Ekiti, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has declared Thursday as a work-free day for public and private schools in the state ahead of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship primary election. This is contained in a statement by Mr O.R Ajayi, the Director of Schools, on behalf of… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post)  - Former Ekiti State Governor, and Minister of  Solid Minerals Dr. Kayode Fayemi, has won the All Progressives Congress governorship primary election with 941 votes. Fayemi  beat another former Governor, Segun Oni and 31 other aspirants in the rescheduled primary election held under a… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post ) - Ahead of the Ekiti governorship election scheduled to hold July 14, 2018, the All Progressives Congress (APC) has released a schedule of activities preparatory to the campaign slated to kick off on April 15. Sundiata Post recalls that  the Independent National Electoral… In "Politics"