The lawsuit filed by former Presidential aspirant, Adamu Garba, challenging the operations of Twitter in Nigeria has been thrown out by the Federal High Court in Abuja.  According to the Socio-economic Rights and Accountability Project, SERAP, Justice Abubakar gave the ruling on Wednesday. Garba, had in 2020 asked the court to ban Twitter from operating in any part of Nigeria. He accused the global tech firm of “sponsoring” the #EndSARS protests in the country. Protests broke out in Nigeria in October 2020 as citizens took to the streets to demand an end to the activities of the notorious Special Anti-Robbery Squad of the Nigeria Police. The APC Chieftain asked the court to give “an order directing the respondent to stop the operation of Twitter in any part of the territory of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. “An order directing the respondents to jointly pay the applicant the sum of $1billion as damages.” In a tweet on Wednesday, SERAP wote; “BREAKING: Following application by SERAP, Justice Abubakar of the Federal High Court (Court 5), Abuja today struck out the suit by Mr Adamu Garba, APC member, seeking to stop Twitter from operating within the Nigerian cyberspace. “Mr Adamu filed the suit in 2020.”   Source A businessman, Mr Adamu Garba, on Tuesday, instituted a 1 billion dollars suit against the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Founder of Twitter International Company, Jack Dorsey, at the Federal High Court, Abuja, over alleged sponsorship of the ongoing #EndSARS Protest across the country. Garba, in a suit number: FHC/ABJ/CS/1391/2020… In "News" Adamu Garba, a former presidential aspirant has withdrawn the lawsuit filed against Twitter CEO, Jack Dorsey during the #EndSARS protests in the country. Garba had filed the suit against Dorsey before a Federal High Court in Abuja over his alleged sponsorship of the recent #EndSARS protests in parts of the… In "News" The government of President Muhammadu Buhari has been taken to court for banning Twitter in Nigeria. The Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) and 176 concerned Nigerians filed a lawsuit against the government of President Muhammadu Buhari over “the unlawful suspension of Twitter in Nigeria, criminalization of Nigerians and other… In "News"