Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi has urged elected political office holders not to jettison good governance for 2023 politics as a means to make life better for Nigerians. The monarch in his New Year message signed by his spokesperson Moses Olafare, stated that politics would form part of issues that would shape the year, yet, citizens welfare should not be relegated to the background. “While talking and playing politics in the new year ahead of next year’s general election, humanity must be put first and we must not sacrifice the future of our dear country especially that of the youths, women, children, poor and other vulnerable persons in the name of politics.” Similarly, the monarch called on Nigerian youths to get involved in politics and governance of the country in the new year. While appealing to the nation’s young population not to be discouraged by the challenges of the country’s politics, he noted that their involvement would help sanitise the system. “It all starts with this year for our youths in Ekiti and Osun States, their involvement means that we are deploying their strength and expertise for nation building. This is how developed countries developed, we too can achieve much more here.” Ooni Ogunwusi added. Ilutitun (Ondo State)- Oba Isaac Idepefo, the Majuwa of Moribodo Kingdom in Ilutitun, Ondo State, on Sunday advised Nigerian politicians to shun the politics of bitterness, saying that it only gives ``cheap popularity". Oba Idepefo told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Ilutitun that the politicians should learn from… In "News" By Abiodun Esan Ilorin -  Mr. Olusegun Adeyemi, the Director, National Orientation Agency (NOA) in Kwara, has urged Nigerians to desist from inordinate financial expectations from Christian political office holders. Adeyemi made the call on Monday in Ilorin while speaking at the public presentation of a book ‘Recipe for Peace… In "News" By Dorcas Elusogbon Ile-Ife (Osun) - The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, Ojaja II, on Wednesday celebrated the International Youth Day with some Nigerian youths in his palace at Ile Ife, Osun. Ooni Ogunwusi, who played host to scores of Nigerian youths from all parts of the country under… In "News"