BY RICHARD AKINNOLA II My name is Richard Akinnola. At my age and pedigree, l don’t hide behind a finger. I go by my convictions. I have told some friends who are very close to Asiwaju my position. They know l have nothing personal against him. But in respect of this 2023 presidential race, l stand by and with Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, SAN. I settled this with God and I’m at peace with my choice and decision. I’m not against anybody and l don’t inherit other people’s enemies. Asiwaju has paid his dues and he is eminently qualified but… Also in the PDP, l have friends who are eminently qualified and have shown interest in the presidency. But as it is, l can only support one person per time.I’m not foisting my position on anybody. You are free to disagree and follow whomsoever you choose. I have made my choice. That is what democracy is all about. It would be simplistic to just pin this project to PYO. This is a movement that has taken a life of its own, beyond PYO who has been so much engrossed in state duties. There are larger interests involved but l can’t go into details. As far as this project is involved, I’m fully persuaded and fully involved. I however, want to plead that we should be civil in our engagements. This is not war but a contest of interests and ideas. At the end of the day, it is God who enthrones.The race is not to the swift or the battle to the strong, nor does food come to the wise or wealth to the brilliant or favor to the learned; but time and chance happen to them all. (Eccl 9:11).We moveeeee! Viva PYO. •Source: Facebook  •Asiwaju Tinubu and Vice President Osinbajo By Vincent Kalu Notwithstanding public appearances and statements to the contrary, political permutations and maneuvering for the 2023 presidential race may have finally come between the national leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and the Vice President, Prof… In "Politics" Minister of Labour and Employment, Chris Ngige, has advised people of the Southeast to join the two main political parties, All Progressives Congress, APC, or Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, if they must produce Nigeria’s next president in 2023. Ngige made the remark while urging Southeast politicians to re-strategise and make… In "Politics" I make this plea as someone who has been in the different layers of the struggle for over 30 years, particularly against the military. So, I’m speaking from experience. Banger no be bullet. My position might be unpopular in a time of angst but I’m saying this with great conviction.… In "Social Media Feeds"