The Katsina State Police Command on Monday revealed that its operatives successfully repelled terrorists’ attack at Badole village, in the Kurfi Local Government Area of the state over the weekend.  The spokesman for the Command, Gambo Isah, said in a statement on Monday that the terrorists had swooped on the village early Saturday morning where they, amongst others, rustled an unspecified number of domestic animals. He revealed that the operatives of the command and members of the vigilante in the council who were alerted of the incident mobilised and blocked the exit route of the terrorists at Yarrunfar Koza village. According to the PPRO, the development led to a gun duel between the security team and the terrorists. Isah added that “many terrorists” were killed in the process while all the rustled animals were recovered. The statement read in part, “On January,15,2022, at about 01.20 a.m, bandits in their numbers, attacked Badole village, Kurfi, rustled unspecified number of domestic animals. ” The DPO led a combined team of police and vigilante and blocked their exit route at Yarrunfar Koza village, Kurfi Local Government Area. The team engaged the terrorists in a gun duel, many were neutralized and all the rustled animals were recovered.”  Source By Zubairu Idris Katsina - The Police in Katsina State said that they have killed 17 suspected bandits and recovered 189 rustled animals in Kankara local government area of the state. This was contained in a statement issued by the police spokesman of the command, SP Gambo Isah, and made… In "News" Kidnappers and gunmen have sustained attacks in different parts of the country abducting 75 persons and killing 18 others. In Niger State, no fewer than 50 persons were abducted in the early hours of Thursday when bandits attacked Bassa community in the Shiroro Local Government Area of the state. Nine… In "News" Bandits again struck two communities in Dan-Musa Local Government Area of Katsina State, leaving six persons dead and many others injured. Among those killed in Thursday’s attack was a policeman. It was learnt that the bandits said to be over one hundred stormed the two villages on foot around 2… In "News"