ABUJA – The School of Government and Politics (SOGP) will hold its 5th cohort from February to March 2022 in the South-West, South-East and South-South regions of Nigeria. According to a statement made available to Sundiata Post, this 5th edition will build on the success of the 4th Cohort, which ran for eight weeks from 2nd October to 27th November 2021. It featured modules on corruption prevention strategies, leadership, ethics, and integrity for national development, etc. Of the 187 participants that registered for the 4th Cohorts, 121 got trained and have been certified in collaboration with Wagner and Shiloh University, the academic partners of SOGP. The school was founded in November 2019 by the Nehemiah Apostolic Resource Centre, Abuja. Since its inception in November 2019 with the maiden cohort of ‘The Values Reorientation and National Development Course’, SOGP has successfully organised four cohorts of its basic entry level course and has trained not less than 200 individuals in Nigeria and other nations in Africa like Ghana, Sierra Leone, Rwanda, Burundi etc. The management and alumni of SOGP have driven nation-building conversations on national identity, politics and governance, sustainable development, the 1999 Constitution etc. and have served as think tank for the government in policymaking. Some of SOGP’s annual programmes and activities include the Statesman Series, an annual event of the school designed to leverage the experience and expertise of seasoned men and women with enduring legacies in the spheres of government and politics in building capacity for deepening good governance and charting a course for a better Nigeria. The school has organised two editions of the Statesman Series. In 2019, it facilitated discussions on the topic “TOWARDS A NATIONAL IDENTITY” and in 2021, it focused on “ETHICS AND VALUES AS A TOOL FOR NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT”. The 2022 Statesman Series is proposed for May 2022. By Philomina Attah Abuja - Prof. Jerry Gana, a one time Minister of Information and National Orientation, says national identity is a key factor towards addressing Nigeria’s development challenges. Gana stated this at the maiden edition of the School of Government and Politics (SOGP) lecture series on Thursday in Abuja.… In "News" •Obii Pax-Harry An award winning book, Prophetic Engagement: Issachar Mandate, written by a Nigerian, Obii Pax-Harry, has been adopted as a recommended text for master's degree programme in women leadership by two American universities, Wagner University, Pasadena and Shiloh University. Obii, a barrister and solicitor of the Federal Republic of… In "Top Stories" By Angela Atabo   Abuja    -       A Civil Society Organisation(CSO), YIAGA AFRICA says it has concluded plans to train 822 long term observers drawn from the 36 states and 774 Local Government Areas in Nigeria. The Organisation’s Programmes Manager, Ms Cynthia Mbamalu said this in a statement in Abuja on… In "News"