The Speaker, Imo House of Assembly, Kennedy Ibeh says the match between Pharaohs of Egypt and the Super Eagles is the best performance by the Eagles in recent years.  The speaker said this in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary Mr Ifeanyi Onyekachi on Wednesday in Owerri. The speaker was reacting to the Eagles 1-0 victory against the Pharaohs of Egypt at the ongoing 2021 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) in Cameroon. The game saw Nigeria dominate from the onset, leaving no space for a reply by the Egyptians.  The Speaker, Imo House of Assembly, Kennedy Ibeh says the match between Pharaohs of Egypt and the Super Eagles is the best performance by the Eagles in recent years. The speaker said this in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary Mr Ifeanyi Onyekachi on Wednesday in Owerri. The speaker was reacting to the Eagles 1-0 victory against the Pharaohs of Egypt at the ongoing 2021 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) in Cameroon. The game saw Nigeria dominate from the onset, leaving no space for a reply by the Egyptians.  “Technically, tactically, physically, mentally and whatever positive you can think of, Eguavoen’s led Super Eagles, I feel, dominated the game and this is the best Eagles performance in recent years. “At this rate, we can be extremely optimistic my people that Nigerian team is on the path to victory. “Congratulations Eagles, amazing performance lets continue to build on this momentum,” Ibeh said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Nigeria will face Sudan for the second group D game on Saturday before meeting Guinea Bissau on Jan. 19.  (NAN) A cross-section of football fans in Abuja on Tuesday expressed  their satisfaction with the Super Eagles’ performance against Egypt at the ongoing 2021 Africa Cup of Nations  (AFCON) in Cameroon.The News Agency  of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Nigerian side beat the Pharaohs 1-0 in their opening Group D match… In "Sports" Several hours after the Bafana Bafana of South Africa ended the Pharaohs’ campaign in the on-going 2019 Afcon with a 1-0 defeat on Saturday, many Egyptians stayed rooted to their seats not believing what had happened to their darling team. Thirteen years ago when Egypt hosted the African Cup of… In "Sports" Abuja - Godfrey Gaiya, former Chairman, House of Representatives’ Committee on Sports, says the tactics employed by Super Eagles’ Head Coach Sunday Oliseh against Tanzania on Saturday suggested he was being cautious. Gaiya told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday in Abuja that Oliseh needed to do that… In "Sports"