The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), Friday in Abuja urged the Board of the newly incorporated Nigerian National Petroleum Company Limited to ensure strict compliance with Corporate Governance principles that place a premium on doing business with the highest ethical standards, integrity, and transparency.  Buhari spoke at the State House, Abuja, while inaugurating the Board chaired by Margery Okadigbo. This is according to a statement by the Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, titled, ‘President Buhari demands transparency, accountability from new NNPC board’. The President, who charged them to focus on profitability and operate at par with its industry peers across the world, said, ”I expect the NNPC Limited to be mindful of our commitments to our net carbon zero aspirations and to ensure total alignment with the global energy transition realities.” He reminded the members that they came on board as a result of the reforms put forward by the Petroleum Industry Act 2021, which seeks to reposition the Nigerian petroleum industry to a commercially viable and competitive industry in line with global business dynamics and best practices. ”The Nigerian National Petroleum Company Limited is mandated to focus on profitability and continuous value creation beyond the simple fulfilment of legal and regulatory requirements. ”NNPC Limited is expected to operate at par with its industry peers across the world while acting as Enabler Company that will foster the development of other sectors of our Economy. ”The inauguration of this Board is a major step in the ongoing transition to a more viable petroleum industry that will attract investment to support our economic growth and generate employment to millions of our people,” he said. Buhari, therefore, directed that there should be full alignment and synergy between NNPC Limited, the Upstream Regulatory Commission and the Midstream and Downstream Regulatory Authority in compliance with the provisions of the law in all respects to deliver the onerous reforms envisaged for the energy industry. ”NNPC Limited is expected to operate at par with its industry peers elsewhere in the world while acting as Enabler Company that will foster the development of other sectors of our economy,” he charged. While thanking the leadership and members of the National Assembly for their seamless support in the journey towards a viable, accountable and transparent energy industry, the President said he would count on the professional insights and ethical conduct of the Board members to ensure the delivery of his administration’s promises to Nigerians. In his remarks, the Minister of State, Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva, said under the present administration, a lot has been achieved in the petroleum industry, including the signing of the PIA, the registration of NNPC Limited as a CAMA company and the inauguration of the Board of the NNPC Limited. ”Mr President, this is history in the making because this is the first time any President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria is inaugurating an independent board of an independent NNPC Limited. This, however, puts a lot of responsibility on the shoulders of those inaugurated and those of us in the Ministry of Petroleum Resources,” he said. On Wednesday, January 5, 2021, Buhari inaugurated Margery Okadigbo as Chairman, Mele Kyari as Chief Executive Officer and Umar Ajiya as Chief Financial Officer. The rest include Dr Tajudeen Umar (North East), Mrs Lami Ahmed (North Central), Mohammed Lawal (North West), Benry Obih (South East), Constance Marshal (South South), Pius Akinyelure (South West), Dr Nasir Gwarzo as Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Petroleum Resources and Aliyu Ahmed as Permanent Secretary, Minister, Finance, Budget and National Planning.  Source Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has directed that the Nigerian National Petroleum Company Limited be incorporated. He also approved the appointment of the Board and Management of the NNPC Limited with Senator Ifeanyi Ararume as Chairman. The Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Mr Mele Kyari,… In "Top Stories" The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has recorded a net profit of N287 billion, breaking a 44-year jinx in a major recovery hailed on Thursday by President Muhammadu Buhari. In a statement issued by Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi Adesina, Buhari noted that the… In "Business" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari has removed Dr. Emmanuel Ibe Kachikwu, as Group Managing Director (GMD) of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). In Kachikwu's place, the President has appointed Dr. Maikanti Kacalla Bau as the new GMD of NNPC. Until now, Kachikwu had been functioning as both… In "Top Stories"