Former Werder Bremen coach Markus Anfang has been banned from football for the rest of the season by the German federation (DFB) for forging a coronavirus vaccination certificate. Anfang initially dismissed the allegations but stepped down as boss of second division Bremen in late November. This was after prosecutors had started a probe following a criminal complaint from the Bremen health office which had discovered irregularities in the certificate. A prosecution spokesman said in early January that Anfang admitted to the charges via his lawyer. On Wednesday the 47-year-old Anfang was banned for a year, backdated to begin Nov. 20. From June 10 the ban will be served on probation meaning he could take a job from the start of next season. Anfang was also fined 20,000 euros (22,500 dollars) while his assistant Florian Junge was fined 3,000 euros and banned for 10 months. Jung will also serve the latter part of his ban on probation from June 1. “Markus Anfang and Florian Junge have significantly violated the role-model function as coaches through their actions,” said Hans E. Lorenz, the chairman of the DFB sports court. The sentences were justified on the basis of “the confessions they made” while allowing them “the opportunity to go into a new engagement for season 2022/2023.” The pair produced faked documents showing they had been twice vaccinated against the coronavirus, at the time removing them from testing obligations under rules in place in autumn 2021. They also used their forged certificates to avoid quarantining as close contacts to Werder player Marco Friedl when he tested positive. On examination anomalies in Anfang’s vaccination document were discovered. It was revealed Anfang was coaching former club Darmstadt in a match in Würzburg on the date he supposedly received his first vaccination in Cologne. MADRID - Atletico Madrid striker Diego Costa has been handed an eight-match La Liga ban by the Spanish Football Federation’s Competition Committee for abusing the referee after he was shown the red card during last Sunday’s 2-0 defeat by Barcelona. The official’s report stated the 30-year-old swore and shouted at… In "Sports" ZURICH  - Former German football association (DFB) chief Wolfgang Niersbach faces a possible two-year ban from soccer following an investigation by FIFA into alleged irregularities over the awarding of the 2006 World Cup. Niersbach, who still sits on the world soccer body's Council, resigned from the DFB presidency in November… In "Sports" Abuja  -  France forward Antoine Griezmann says he will stay at Atletico Madrid next season because it will be a “dirty move” to leave the club after their transfer ban was upheld. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the 26-year-old had been linked with a move to Manchester… In "Sports"