The need for sustainable peace between Aguleri and Umuleri communities has been identified as a panacea for political and economic progress in the Omambala region of Anambra State.  At the third Okanga-Aguleri lecture held in Aguleri, on Thursday, the Director of Media and Communication, South-East Governors’ Forum, Michael Udah, said that rather than engaging in communal wars, the communities should look inwards and harness its natural resources for the development of the area. Udah, who was the lead discussant, spoke on the theme, ‘Harnessing the strength of Omambala people for sustainable relevance in the future politics of Anambra State and Nigeria.’ The communications officer explained that the continuous war among the communities is a threat to the economic prosperity of the state. He urged the communities to embrace peace and tranquility so as to enjoy the benefits of the newly built Anambra Cargo Airport, sited in the area. Udah pointed out that Aguleri and Umueri have to sheath their swords so that passengers from all over the world will not be afraid to fly to the Umueri Airport. He said, “Our greatest challenge in the Omabala area is insecurity, something akin to the Hobbesian state of nature where there was a war of one against all and all against one. It must be noted here that in contemporary times when we talk of development, we mean economic and political development in the main; development which accrues as democracy dividends; a development which emanates from good governance. “Rather than continue to engage in communal wars against each other, Omambala people should look inwards and apply some of its natural resources including land, humans, agricultural potential, oil/gas for maximum gain instead of being recruitment ground for militias and security men.” The Dean of Pharmaceutical Science, University of Nigeria, Nsukka, Kenneth Ofokansi, on his part, said the Omambala people should de-emphasise what divides them but build a strong network of cultural fusion and collaboration. Ofokansi called for the formation of Omambala Political Power Bloc devoid of partisan, religious, or sectional consideration which should be built around Willie Obiano, the Governor of Anambra, who had proven to be a rallying point for the people of the area. “The geographical location and population of Omabala people are of strategic political significance. No government ever jokes or plays games with its source of revenue. “Being the gateway of the State to the northern part of the country and with a politically conscious population of around 650,000 people, the Omabala people can become a game-changer when it matters most,” he added.  Source Norbert Obi is the Anambra State Chairman of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA). He spoke with reporters in Awka, the state capital, on about the governorship election and Governor Willie Obiano’s chance at the poll. What is your assessment of Governor W illy Obiano’s performance in office? I will… In "Politics" By Joy Mbachi Awka - Mr Willie Okafor, Managing Director, Anambra State Housing Corporation, has called on communities in the state to emulate development project initiated by the Aguleri People’s Forum for the common benefits of the people. Okafor made the call in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria… In "News" The renewed communal clash between Aguleri and Umueri in Anambra East local government area of Anambra State, has claimed the lives of two persons. Also, no fewer than four vehicles were burnt, including buildings, many others were injured in the clash Aguleri is Governor Willie Obiano’s Community, while Senator Emma… In "News"