Nigeria’s biggest music stars Davido and Wizkid may have set aside their differences as they were spotted hugging each other at a nightclub in Lagos. The two who have had a very bitter-sweet relationship for years hugged each other in the presence of their crew members. Wearing a white T-shirt and red face cap, Davido and Wizkid kept whispering into each other’s ears as they hugged for what seemed like forever. This is not the first time Davido and Wizkid have given the impression that they do not have any beef. In 2017, Wizkid brought Davido on stage during his concert at Eko Hotel and Davido returned the favour that same year at his concert. However, they have been at loggerheads for years over reasons best known to them. In November 2017 at the One Africa Music Festival held in Dubai, both camps of Davido and Wizkid got into a physical clash outside the venue of the music concert. It was also reported that Wizkid was assaulted by one of the members of Davido’s crew. We guess with this latest development fans of Davido known as the 30BG and that of Wizkd popularly known as Wizkid FC will bury their differences. (Pulse.ng)      By Joy Obanya/Prisca Osaje     Abuja    -     Nigerian musician David Adeleke aka Davido posted a heartfelt message to celebrate the birthday of Afropop star Ayodeji Balogun aka Wizkid. Davido, who is currently in Paris ahead of the Afro Punk concert, shared the message on his Twitter handle @iam_davido, as… In "Entertainment" By Olanrewaju Akojede   Lagos   -     Wizkid, a.k.a Star boy, has defeated his arch-rival Davido, to become the best African male artiste at the 2017 All African Music Award(AFRIMA) held in Lagos on Sunday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Wizkid’s award included, Artiste of… In "Entertainment" Popular singer, Davido, on Monday, shared a video of Wizkid singing along to ‘Ke Star’ — a song he made with Focalistic. Shortly after Davido shared the video on his Instagram story, fans of both artistes have started reacting on social media. Often, fans of the singers are known for… In "Entertainment"