Activist and immediate past Senator representing Kaduna Central, Shehu Sani has predicted that with the masses by his side, he would be the next Governor of Kaduna State with or without money. Shehu Sani, in a radio interview monitored in Kaduna, indicated interest to join the K‎aduna State Governorship race in 2023. According to him,”anyone who insults and embarrasses the people is not worth being in power because respecting human being is very important in religion.” “It’s left for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to unite its members to ensure that they form a government that will respect the will of the poor in Kaduna.” “We sat with my loyalists and supporters and they wanted me to contest the governor of Kaduna state which I will do to remove APC, God willing; to remove anointed candidate of the state governor and to enter Government house where Comrade will be sworn in as the next governor that will bring changes, that will clean all the dirt they brought in the state in the name of development.”ALSO READ: Bandits break into homes in Kaduna village, kill housewife, 7 others “I will bring security. This is what my supporters wanted and I trust them. So, I will contest the governorship seat under the PDP. Therefore, I call on the people of Kaduna to support and collaborate with me. “I also solicit for their prayers; I need the prayers of religious leaders, marketers, physically challenged, women and youths. You voted for Malam as Governor what remains now is to have a comrade as a governor so as to see the difference between us.” “You must reject the anointed candidate ‎of those who demolished your houses. Support us to see how we form a government that respects the will of the poor in the state.” “I don’t have money to share to delegates to vote for me, money politics is what brought the country into the mess under the ruling party.” “If the masses decide to vote for me, with or without money, I will win. As the senator representing Kaduna Central, Shehu Sani, failed to get the re-nomination ticket of the All Progressives Congress last week, not a few looked for blood in the hands of Governor Nasir El-Rufai. His pitchfork is never far from him. When El-Rufai fights, he doesn’t use his size or… In "Opinion" El-Rufai Has Failed In Kaduna, Cannot Contest For President In 2019 – Shehu Sani In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Senator  representing Kaduna Central   Senatorial District, Comrade Senator Shehu Sani has informed that they are set to dump the All Progressives Congress if the identified challenges are not addressed.   The Senator spoke to journalists, who paid him Sallah homage in Kaduna yesterday, adding that he… In "Politics"