The bandits that abducted the wife and the two daughters of Dr Abdurrazak Muazu, a lecturer at the Federal College of Education (Technical), Gusau, in Zamfara State, have released the victims after the sum of N10 million was paid as ransom.  Mohammed Bello, a family member, explained that the victims were released in the early hours of Monday after paying the N10 million from the initial N50 million demanded by the bandits. Recalls that Binta Umar Jabaka, the wife, and the two daughters, Hafsat Abdurrazak and Maryam Abdurrazak, were kidnapped in their house, in Mareri village, outskirts of Gusau town at 1 am on Saturday, January 1, 2022. According to a staffer of the institution, Mohammad Lawal, the gunmen came to the lecturer’s house with the intention of abducting him but could not find him after he hid in the ceiling. He stated, “The gunmen jumped over the wall and entered into Dr Abdurrazak’s residence in order to kidnap him but he escaped through the ceiling.” He added that they (bandits) searched the house for over an hour looking for him, adding that they abducted his wife, Binta and his two daughters, Maryam and Hafsat, when they could not find their target.  Source By Abubakar Ahmed   Gusau   -     The last of the two sons of the member representing Maradun/Bakura Federal constituency of Zamfara, Alhaji Yahaya Chado has been released by his abductors after a week in captivity. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that Muhammad Yahaya and his… In "News" By Abubakar Ahmed   Gusau      -       Two female twins that were abducted 25 days ago by gunmen in Dauran village of Zurmi Local Government Area of Zamfara have been returned to their family, the Police in the state have confirmed. The confirmation was made to the News Agency… In "News" THE father of one of the abducted Jangebe school girls, who himself had been in captivity, regained his freedom on Monday night with tales of sadness and joy, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. Mallam Iliya Gwaram, who was brought to Government House, Gusau around 9 p.m. on Monday,… In "Features"