The Kwara Government has advised residents of the state to imbibe the habit of good hygiene in order to guard against health hazards. The state Commissioner for Environment and Forestry, Mr Olaitan Buraimoh, gave the advice in a statement issued by the Spokesperson of the Ministry, Mrs Taiwo Okanlawon, on Wednesday in Ilorin. Buraimoh reminded the members of staff of the ministry that the present administration was passionate about the welfare of citizens. “The government wants the people of the state to reside in clean and conducive environment. “It is one of the core responsibilities of the ministry to ensure adequate management of waste disposal. “The environmental aspect of government is very important, as it relates to the ministry’s mandate, in ensuring an enabling environment for the citizens,” she said. The spokesperson charged the workers to ensure proper monitoring and supervision of waste disposal in order to prevent indiscriminate dumping of refuse. “Ignorance on the part of the citizens is one of the major causes of environmental pollution, hence the need to sensitise the public is imperative,” she said. The statement added that the Permanent Secretary of the ministry, Mr Abraham Ojo, assured the commissioner that the staff would double their efforts to ensure healthier environment. Ojo highlighted the challenges of the ministry and underscored the need to sensitise the public through various platforms on ways to maintain hygiene environment. By Peter Uwumarogie Gombe - A Gombe based NGO, Jewel Environmental Initiative (JEI) has advocated for proper sanitation and hygiene promotion activities to rid communities of rodents and contain spread of Lassa fever. Mr Ismail Bima, the Chief Executive Officer of the organization, made the call in an interview with… In "Health" Lagos   -     The Federal, State Governments, parastatal agencies and corporate organisations are now evolving innovative ways of disposing of cellophane wastes due to its non-biogradable nature to mitigate the effect on humans and environments. A survey by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) across the country revealed that many government… In "News" A Public Health Physician, Prof. Tanimola Akande, says recurring cholera outbreak can be prevented through zero tolerance for open defecation and provision of good sewage disposal system by government. Akande, of University of Ilorin, Kwara, stated this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in… In "Health"