 Gov. Gboyega Oyetola of Osun has said that his administration will continue to sustain participatory, inclusive and people-centred governance for socio-economic development of the state. Oyetola said this during an engagement programme organised by the state’s Civic Engagement Centre on Saturday in Coker/Boredun town, Obokun Local Government Area of the state. Represented by his Special Adviser on Civic Engagement, Mr Olatunbosun Oyintiloye, the governor said that participatory and inclusive governance remained the best path towards the socio-economic and political development of every given polity. He said this was the reason his administration placed high premium on people’s voices since inception and their continuous engagement through the office of Civic Engagement in the state. Oyetola said that it was important for government to carry the people along in the development of the state to enhance responsiveness to their present and future needs. “Participatory and people-centric administration creates a platform for broad sociopolitical excellence. “It facilitates equity and inclusiveness in the art of governance, and designs a governance process that serves the interests of the citizenry. “It also ensures that the process produces best of results with high emphasis on government accountability and transparency. “The system offers citizens the opportunity to engage, monitor and evaluate public policies and actions, making governing authorities accountable and responsible. “It equally engenders a fast pace of growth and development as being experienced currently in the state,” he said. The governor noted that the achievements recorded by his administration in infrastructure, health, education, security, social welfare and others were sequel to participatory and inclusive governance entrenched in the state upon assumption of office. In his remarks, the Olu of Coker, Oba Adebare Fadare, commended Oyetola for his unique and purposeful leadership, which made people the centrepiece of his administration. Fadere urged the governor not to relent in his quest to ensure a sustainable development of the state. He also urged him to consider some demands of the people in the area of potable water supply, grading of roads, rural electrification and provision of farm implements, among other needs. (NAN) Gov. Adegboyega Oyetola of Osun says the wellbeing of rural communities remain the centre piece of his administration’s developmental policies.Oyetola made the remarks on Friday during a community engagement programme, organised by Civic Engagement Centre in Odo-Otin Local Government area of the state.The governor said that every serious government that… In "News" Gov. Gboyega Oyetola of Osun says his administration will continue to provide enabling environment for the textile industry to thrive in the state. Oyetola made the remark during an engagement with the members of State Textile Dealers Association on Thursday in Osogbo.The governor, who described textile industry as a strong… In "News" Gov. Gboyega Oyetola of Osun has described cooperative societies as good financial platforms for economic empowerment and poverty alleviation. The governor made the remarks at the ninth Congress and Award Presentation of Federation of Osun State Cooperatives on Friday in Osogbo. Oyetola said that due to the importance of cooperative… In "News"