Unknown gunmen on Monday assassinated the traditional ruler of Agodo village in Ewekoro local government area of Ogun State, Oba Ayinde Odetola, and four of his aides. It was gathered that the tragedy was the second of such wicked acts that happened in the community in the last few months. Vanguard reliably gathered that Oba Ayinde Odetola and his four aides were assassinated, and burnt to ashes as soon as they entered the town around 11 am on Monday 24th January. A reliable source who spoke with our Correspondent alleged that crisis began in the community as soon as late Ọba Odetola, who was from Ake dynasty was elected as the traditional ruler of the community, but the Owu people insisted that anybody from Ake cannot be their king. Confirming the incident, one of the late monarch’s sisters, Chief (Mrs) Adenike Akintade lamented the heartless killing, of the traditional ruler and his aides, adding that the same people recently killed a younger brother of the late monarch. “I had just been discharged from hospital early this morning, only to start mourning the brutal assassination of my brother”. “Kabiesi called me on Saturday, urging me to reduce my activities, saying stress could contribute to my illness”. “Oba Odetola lost his younger brother to the imbroglio some months ago; the young man was butchered by the so-called hoodlums. Today, Kabiesi is no more, what a world”, Akintade lamented. Confirming the incident to Vanguard on the telephone, the Police spokesperson in Ogun State, DSP Abimbola Oyeyemi said it was only the traditional ruler that was killed. He said, after killing the traditional ruler, he was burnt with his car. He said, the State Commissioner of Police, Lanre Bankole has visited the scene of the incident for an on-the-spot assessment of the situation. He added that though no arrest has been made, the Commissioner of Police has directed that the matter should be transferred to the homicide section of the State Investigation Department for a thorough investigation. Oyeyemi added that police operatives are on the trail of those who killed the monarch. Police Arrest Traditional Ruler In Ekiti For Alleged Impersonation In "News" By Yetunde Fatungase Abeokuta - Vice President Yemi Osinbajo said on Monday that community policing had become necessary to tackle internal security challenges facing the country. Osinbajo made the call at the 20th Memorial Service of the first female industrialist in Nigeria and third Iyalode of Egbaland, late (Mrs) Esther Bisoye… In "News" By Olawale Jokotoye Abeokuta - Gov. Ibikunle Amosun of Ogun has inaugurated the Olu of Ilaro and paramount ruler of Yewaland, Oba Kehinde Olugbenle, as the new Chairman of the state’s Council of Obas. Speaking at the ceremony, on Wednesday in Abeokuta, Amosun commended the traditional rulers for their complementary… In "News"