A housewife identified as Maryam Abubakar in Giwa Local Government Area of Kaduna State has been arrested by the Intelligence Response Team (IRT), a special police unit fighting kidnapping who allegedly supplies women to terror bandits at Galadimawa forest.  Maryam Abubakar who was arrested on December 21, according to Dailytrust confessed that she had been luring women, including her own daughters and nieces, to the bandits for sexual pleasure. Maryam said her clients were paying her N20,000 and that the women were being ferried to the forest on motorbikes. Fidelity LeaderboardAlso arrested was a girl named Fatima Jibril, who, in connivance with her boyfriend, Muslim Abubakar, both residents of the Sakadadi area in Sabon Gari, had also been supplying women to the bandits. The syndicate was exposed when the girls they had earlier procured from the criminals in the forest couldn’t return. Another woman, Jummai Ibrahim, was arrested on the suspicion that she had been engaging in an affair with the bandits’ kingpin in the forest. Ibrahim said she submitted herself to the bandits’ kingpin to protect her children and her father from their wraths because the bandits threatened to kill them, even after they had rustled the family’s cattle.  Some of the women said they had passed the night only once with the bandits. One of them said the gunmen were living alongside their wives, only that they are hosted at different locations separate from their families. One of the girls said the gunmen had been inseparable from their guns round the clock and they were stockpiled with foodies. The arrested women were, however, remorseful for being in romance with the bandits in the forest. Most of the women told Daily Trust on Sunday that they, at least had secondary school education while some were making efforts to go to higher institutions.   Aisha Nura, a 27-year-old housewife, has been arrested in Katsina State with N2.4m being proceeds of arms supplies to bandits. Nura, said to be the wife of a bandit, was arrested on July 25 while attempting to board a commercial motorcycle from Batsari to Nahuta village. The spokesman for Katsina… In "Features" Tired of the incessant attacks and raids on their communities by bandits, the people of Niger State have decided to forgo the option of looking up to the military, police and other security agencies for rescue. Rather, the affected communities have resorted to bringing in spiritualists who they believe would… In "News" The spate of insecurity in the country assumed a more dangerous dimension on Monday as Boko Haram insurgents made inroads into Niger State and gunmen killed two students of Greenfield University in Kaduna state. Also on Monday, the Vice-Chancellor of the Federal University of Agriculture, Makurdi, Benue State, Professor Richard… In "News"