Nollywood actress Annie Idibia has described her husband, music icon 2Face Idibia as a god. Annie and 2Face Idibia are one of Nigeria’s most influential celebrity couples. The movie star made this known via her Instagram Stories, while promoting one of his new songs. “Celebrating this incredibly talented man! I feel I take him for granted. Sometimes I forget that I literally live with a god. I am grateful to the universe that I get to wake up next to this spirit every other day,” she wrote. Annie and her hubby 2Face Idibia are one of Nigeria’s most influential celebrity couples.They tied the knot in 2012 and have two daughters together. However, it hasn’t been a rosy journey as the strength of their marriage was tested in 2021 when Annie publicly called him out. She called him out over his ‘suspicious’ relationship with one of his baby mamas, Pero. She also accused his family of not loving and caring about her since their marriage. A few weeks later a leaked audio taping of the movie star surfaced where she threatened fire and brimstone. 2Face later released a statement asking the public to back off his marital issues. While the dust from the social media dragging was still settling, singer Brymo tweeted that 2Face once accused him of sleeping with his wife. Disturbed by Brymo’s tweets, 2Face through his lawyers, threatened to sue him for N1B, (Pulse.ng) By Justina Auta Abuja - The Ooni Of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi has played host to Nigeria’s music icon, 2Face Idibia and his wife Annie, at his palace. The Ooni of Ife’s official Instagram page posted a video of the visit of 2Face Idibia and his wife on Wednesday,… In "Entertainment" The adage ‘Internet never forgets’ has implemented itself in the story of Nollywood Actresses, Chika Ike and another actress, Annie Idibia, who is also the wife of legendary singer, Tuface Idibia. Nigerians, in their usual detective-style curiosity have fished-out their connection with Ned Nwoko, the 59-yr-old billionaire who has been… In "Entertainment" Hours after Nigerian actress, Annie Idibia took to her Instagram Story in a now-deleted post to accuse her husband, Tuface, of infidelity, some Nigerians on Twitter have taken to their various accounts to air their opinion on the situation. Some of those who commented on the issue faulted the actress… In "Entertainment"