Rev.  Fr.  Fidelis Adinukwe has urged Nigerian youths to seek spiritual direction to help them overcome negative behaviors and grow into positive and responsible individuals in the society. Adinukwe gave the advised during his sermon at Good Shepherd Catholic Church, Arch Bishop Obiefuna Retreat Centre, Okpuno in Awka,  Anambra, on Sunday. He said  that seeking spiritual direction would help the youth to form and cultivate a relationship with God. Adinukwe said that many youths got involved in social vices including  prostitution, drug abuse, cultism, kidnapping, armed robbery and many others, because of lack of spiritual direction and the fear of God. According to him, when the fear of God is missing, sin increases and there is no godly wisdom. “Social vices have become the order of the day among the youth. Internet fraud, cultism, prostitution and the likes have attained peak levels. Our youths have lost it. “Our youth do not seek spiritual direction or have a spiritual director, they feel stuck, stagnant, anxious, frustrated restless and confused about life experiences. “Spiritual direction brings clarity to life, make you understand your purpose in life, help you stay focused and disciplined as well as depend on God for everything. “Once you have that clarity and fear of God, you will be able to overcome negative behaviours and temptations of this world, and become responsible individual,” he said. Adinukwe said there was the need for youths to have a spiritual director, counselor or mentor, for a deeper knowledge of God and His teachings. “Young adulthood is full of adventure, lot of drama, quest for good and purposeful life and sustainable income. “Do not bottle up your worries, speak up, have a spiritual director to counsel you in your life’s journey and draw you closer to God,” he said. Rev.  Fr.  Fidelis Adinukwe has urged Nigerian youths to seek spiritual direction to help them overcome negative behaviors and grow into positive and responsible individuals in the society. Adinukwe gave the advised during his sermon at Good Shepherd Catholic Church, Arch Bishop Obiefuna Retreat Centre, Okpuno in Awka,  Anambra, on Sunday. He said  that seeking spiritual direction would help the youth to form and cultivate a relationship with God. Adinukwe said that many youths got involved in social vices including  prostitution, drug abuse, cultism, kidnapping, armed robbery and many others, because of lack of spiritual direction and the fear of God. According to him, when the fear of God is missing, sin increases and there is no godly wisdom. “Social vices have become the order of the day among the youth. Internet fraud, cultism, prostitution and the likes have attained peak levels. Our youths have lost it. “Our youth do not seek spiritual direction or have a spiritual director, they feel stuck, stagnant, anxious, frustrated restless and confused about life experiences. “Spiritual direction brings clarity to life, make you understand your purpose in life, help you stay focused and disciplined as well as depend on God for everything. “Once you have that clarity and fear of God, you will be able to overcome negative behaviours and temptations of this world, and become responsible individual,” he said. Adinukwe said there was the need for youths to have a spiritual director, counselor or mentor, for a deeper knowledge of God and His teachings. “Young adulthood is full of adventure, lot of drama, quest for good and purposeful life and sustainable income. “Do not bottle up your worries, speak up, have a spiritual director to counsel you in your life’s journey and draw you closer to God,” he said. Abuja  -   The Federal Government says it plans to expose more than two million youths nationwide with innovative products and services to the global market through an online portal, ''Nigeriafy''. The Minister of Youths and Sports Development, Mr Solomon Dalung, said this on Thursday in Abuja at the launching… In "Business" LG Boss Counsel Youths Against Social Vices In "News" By Taiye Baiyerohi   Lagos   -      The $5,000 about ( N1.8 million) pledged by renowned musician , David Adeleke , a.k.a. Davido, to a Rwandan music school has continued to generate mixed reactions from Nigerian musicians. Some of them commended him for the generous act in separate… In "Entertainment"