The Association of Professional Women Engineers (APWEN) will Saturday inaugurate Dr Mrs Elizabeth Jumoke Eterigho, FNSE, FNSChE as its 17th President at the Oriental Hotel, Lagos, in an event that will draw dignitaries and professional engineers from across the country. A statement by the investiture committee of APWEN said Engr Tasil Wudil, FNSE, the President of the Nigeria Society of Engineers, will chair the investiture while Dr Mrs Atorishedere Awosika, the Chairman of Access Bank is to deliver the keynote address on ” The Role of Women Engineers in Driving the National Development Plan (2021-2025).” Immediate Past Governor of Ondo State, Dr Olusegun Mimiko is expected to be the Father of the Day at the event that is billed to have Governors Babajide Sanwoolu of Lagos, Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto, Babagana Umaru Zulum of Zamfara, Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta and Oluwarotimi Akeredolu SAN of Ondo as Distinguished Guests of Honour. Eterigho, born in Lagos of an Ondo father and a Lagos mother, is a holder of a doctorate degree (Ph.D) in Chemical Engineering (Biofuel and Catalysis) in 2012 from Newcastle University, United Kingdom. She had her university education at the Federal University of Technology, Minna where she currently lectures and has researched and written on several subjects in the engineering world. She is a Fellow of both the Nigerian Society of Chemical Engineers (FNSChE) and the Nigerian Society of Engineers (FNSE) By Stephen Adeleye Ankpa - The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), has promised to build and equip a Science and Technology Laboratory to enhance pupils’ interest in science and engineering profession, especially the Girl Child. Mr Maikanti Baru, Group Managing Director of NNPC, disclosed this at Foundation laying ceremony of… In "News" By Grace Alegba Lagos -   The Lagos State Building Control Agency (LASBCA) has urged engineers to utilise its whistleblowing facility by reporting safety standard violations resulting in buildings collapse in the state. LASBCA General Manager, Olalekan Shodeinde, made the appeal when the Association of Professional Women Engineers of Nigeria… In "News" By Stephen Adeleye Lokoja - The Association of Professional Women Engineers of Nigeria (APWEN) on Saturday donated 100 exercise books to female students of the Government Girls Secondary School (GGSS), Sirki-Noma, Lokoja, Kogi. Presenting the books to the students at the school’s premises, the President of the association, Mrs Felicia… In "News"