IBADAN – Following the death of the 41st Olubadan of Ibadan, Oba Saliu Akanmu Adetunji, in the early hours of Sunday, there are speculations that Oloye Lekan Balogun, who is currently Otun Olubadan, is expected to become the new Olubadan of Ibadan according to Ibadan monarchical hierarchy. The late Olubadan, who was chairman, Oyo State Council of Obas and Chiefs, will be buried later today at 4pm.According to a statement released by Mr Adeola Oloko, his personal assistant and head of media, Oba Adetunji, aged 93, assed away in the early hours of this morning (Sunday) at the University College Hospital, UCH, Ibadan.He will be buried at his Popoyemoja, Ibadan Palace according to Muslim rites. He is survived by his wife, Olori Rashidat Ololade Adetunji, Children, grandchildren and great grandchildren. Apart from Lekan Balogun, others in line for the Olubadan throne are: •Owolabi Olakulehin: Balogun Olubada‎n •Rashidi Ladoja:  Osi Olubadan. •Eddy Oyewole: Ashipa Olubadan. •Tajudeen Ajibola:  Osi Balogun. •Amidu Ajibade:Ekaarun Olubadan. •Lateef Gbadamosi: Ashipa Balogun Olubadan. •Kola Adegbola: Ekarun Balogun‎. •Abiodun Kola-Daisi: Ekerin Olubadan‎. Confirming the Olubadan’s death, Oyo State Governor Seyi Makinde, said, “The news of the death of our father, His Imperial Majesty, Oba Saliu Adetunji, Aje Ogungunniso I, came as a shock. “His wealth of experience, his immense wisdom, and his commitment to seeing a greater Ibadan and a better Oyo State are unrivalled. “Ibadan, Oyo State, Nigeria and humanity at large will miss Kabiyesi, who was ever ready to give his all to see a better society.” The Olubadan died 22 days after the death of another prominent monarch in Oyo State – Soun of Ogbomoso, Oba Jimoh Oyewumi. Adetunji, who was crowned the 41st Olubadan on March 4, 2016, was born on August 26, 1928 to the family of Raji Olayiwola and Suwebat Amope Adetunji in the Alusekere compound, Popoyemoja, Ibadan. Adetunji was crowned Olubadan after the demise of Oba Samuel Odulana Odugade. He was the first of 17 children of his parents. He grew up learning vocational jobs until he took up fashion designing as a means of living after moving into Lagos. While working as a fashion designer, Adetunji delved into musical record marketing until 1960 when he founded his first of three record label imprints called Baba Laje Records which housed notable fuji music acts, including Dauda Epo-Akara and Wasiu Ayinde Marshall. Prior to his coronation as the Olubadan of Ibadan, Adetunji was the Balogun of Ibadan land. •The late Oba Saliu Adetunji, Olubadan of Ibadan IBADAN - The Olubadan of Ibadan land, Oba Saliu Adetunji, has died. CKN reports that the monarch, who was 93 years old, on Sunday joined his ancestors at the University College Hospital (UCH) in Ibadan. He was crowned the 41st Olubadan of… In "Top Stories" IBADAN - Oyo State has been thrown into mourning following the death of Oba Samuel Odulana Odugade, the Olubadan of Ibadan. The Olubadan died in the evening of Tuesday, January 19 after he lost consciousness. According to The Nation, Oba Odulana, who turned 100 years in 2014, was reportedly taken… In "Top Stories" Abuja - The Olubadan of Ibadanland Oba Saliu Adetunji has sent a delegation to Cotonou, Benin Republic to observe the proceedings of the court case involving Yoruba Nation agitator Sunday Adeyemo aka Sunday Igboho. Oba Adetunji stated this at his Popoyemoja, Ibadan palace while exchanging views with some leaders of… In "Top Stories"