Bauchi State Governor, Bala Mohammed, has lamented that there are some public servants in the state who are cultured and tutored in corruption.  He complained that corruption among public servants is difficult to eradicat. He, however, said it can be minimised. Mohammed who stated this in his speech at the first State Executive Council Meeting held at the Exco Chamber of the Government House Annex, Bauchi on Wednesday, He said, “If you look at the generation of public servants that we have today, they are those who have been tutored, who have been cultured with aspects of corruption, take and take from the system. Even committee meetings, the way they are being done, it is not in a way that are known to those of us that are from the federal system. “Civil servants have taken alliances, if you don’t give money, they don’t move an inch. We are not used to it, but I discovered that there is even a procedure, a law in Bauchi State allowing that, which makes it so difficult for us to change. The only thing is that we will minimise that culture. To stop it completely, you will meet a brick wall.” He also lamented that he inherited a bad system and administration.  Source By Ahmed Kaigama Bauchi  - Gov. Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State on Thursday promised to fish out corrupt civil servants, who are ruining the interest. Mohammed stated this during an interactive session with stakeholders on challenges associated with the payment of salaries in the state. “This government, will no matter… In "Politics" BAUCHI, - Gov. Isa Yuguda of Bauchi State on Tuesday appealed to the state’s civil servants to give their full support to the incoming administration of the governor-elect, Mohammed Abubakar. He made the appeal in Bauchi during an interactive session with senior civil servants in the state, stressing that ``I… In "News" By Emmanuel Acha Enugu -  Enugu State Government says public servants in the state are under surveillance due to high level of corruption being unearthed in the service. As a result, the State Executive Council had vowed to dismiss and or prosecute corrupt workers in the state. The Commissioner for… In "News"