By Millicent Ifeanyichukwu LAGOS – The Rotary Clubs under District 9100 on Saturday provided free eye tests, treatment and reading glasses for no fewer than 500 residents of Lagos State and environs. The event put together with Ikeja South, Iju-Spring and Ikeja-Alausa Central Rotary Clubs, was held at Olowora Primary Health Centre, Ikosi-Isheri, Local Council Development Area (LCDA), Ikeja, Lagos. Ms Favour Madu, President of Rotary Club of Omole-Golden told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the outreach tagged ‘Save the Sight’, was part of the clubs’ project to touch lives in the community and to ensure that people live with good sight. Madu said most people having different issues with their sight and had not been able to get free medical attention, hence the initiative to bring the service down to the community level. According to her, priority is given to screening for cataracts, terrigion, glaucoma as well as those who need reading glasses and medications. “This is a partnership work where we came together to bring ‘Save the Sight’ project to the community under one of our major area of focus- ‘ Disease treatment and prevention’. “We want to treat and prevent the disease by bringing this opportunity of free eye test, free reading glasses and health checks ( blood pressure and blood sugar) close which will relieve them a great deal. “I am actually touched and happy that today, we have handled many cases, touched lives and over 500 benefited from this free health service which has been a huge success.”. She added. On the sideline, Dr Barth Ufoegbunam, President of the Rotary Club of Ikeja South, said tthere would be a follow-up on the project where eye surgeries would be carried out on those with severe cases. Ufoegbunam added that some who were diagnosed with high blood sugar and increased blood pressure were given referral letter to continue treatment and advised to engage in regular checks. “We have some whose cases require secondary attention and we have their data which will use to invite them on a later date for surgery. “Some are hypertensive and have high blood sugar level but only got to know today, of which we have administered drugs and given refferal letter to regularly see doctor as follow-up,” added. The Ikeja South Rotary Club president, who described the turnout as unprecedented, said he had anticipated about 200 as against over 500 persons from within and outside Lagos recorded at the one-day programme. “The response is overwhelming. We earlier castigated people in this community but we ended up having others from suburbs and neighbouring states who have accessed this programme today,” Ufoegbunam added. He charged everyone to take their health more seriously by going for regular checks, keeping to medical prescriptions and advice, adding that most people have poor health seeking habit. Also, Afolabi Bolanle, Senior Health Education Officer, Olowora Primary Health, Ikosi-Isheri LCDA and representative of Dr Owoyele Wasiu, Medical Officer of Health (MOH), applauded the collaboration and initiative of the District 9110 Rotary Clubs. Bolanle described the choice of the LCDA for the free health service as a privilege that has really met the anticipation of the people in the community and other beneficiaries. “Ikosi-Isheri community is happy and impressed with this wonderful health service provided today by the Rotary Clubs; they partnered the LCDA, CDC and the Baale. “The significant thing about this programme is that everything is free, from the tests to medications, free glasses, health talks and people were educated on health issues. “We are saying a very big thank you to Omole-Golden, Ikeja South, Iju-Spring and Ikeja-Alausa Central Rotary Clubs; special attention was also given to people with special cases,” she told NAN. Meanwhile, Ibrahim Shittu, a beneficiary from Sango-Otta, Ogun State, commended the Rotary Clubs for the free health services. He said he was diagnosed of early glaucoma and hade been be given medications to that effect. “My coming down all the way from Ogun State today is worth it. I am going home with knowledge of my health, medicine and follow-up tips. “Thanks to the Rotary Clubs,” he added. Also, Mrs Olubunmi Sokefun, a retiree, applauded the Rotary Clubs for choosing to address issues concerning the eyes as most people in the community could not afford medical bills when related medical conditions arose. (NAN) LAGOS - A call has been made to the Lagos State Government, individuals and corporate organisations who are currently deploying all manner of palliatives in cash and kind as a result of the effect of the Coronavirus Disease lockdown to use the network of Rotary International.The call was made by… In "News" By Abiodun AziLagos - The Rotary Club of Okota, District 9110, in Lagos on Saturday ended a three-day medical outreach for the treatment of malaria, hypertension, diabetes and cataract for residents of the area. President of the Club, Aderonke Jones-Adewale, said that the programme was aimed at providing basic and… In "News" ABUJA - The Rotary Club of Gwarinpa in Abuja on Sunday donated free clutches, wheel chairs, bathing kits and mosquito nets to indigents living in the community.The 9125 District Governor, Mr Mogbeyi Omasola, who made the presentation, said the donation was aimed at addressing the needs of members of the… In "Health"