Members of the Olubadan-in-Council have endorsed the nomination of Otun Olubadan, Dr. Lekan Balogun, as the next Olubadan of Ibadanland.  Recall that the last Olubadan of Ibadanland, Oba Saliu Adetunji, Aje Ogungunniso 1, died on Sunday morning. The Osi Balogun of Ibadanland, High Chief Tajudeen Ajibola, made the announcement at a press briefing by the kingmakers on Wednesday. According to Ajibola, the kingmakers resolved that Dr Balogun is next in line to ascend the throne of Olubadan according to tradition. He also debunked insinuations relating to the health and wellness of the Olubadan-elect. Other High Chiefs in attendance were Balogun Olubadan, Owolabi Olakulehin; Otun Balogun, Olufemi Olaifa; Ashipa Olubadan, Eddy Oyewole and Osi Balogun, Tajudeen Ajibola. The others were Ekaarun Olubadan, Amidu Ajibade; Ashila Balogun Olubadan, Lateef Gbadamosi, Ekaarun Balogun, Kola Adegbola, and Ekerin Olubadan, Abiodun Kola-Daisi. However, one of Council members, the Osi Olubadan and former governor of Oyo State, Chief Rasheed Ladoja, was conspicuously absent at the briefing.   By Wale Olayanju Courtesy of the constituted authority of Oyo State, Oyo has scored another first in the annals of history in the world. Some Ibadan chiefs have just been promoted as obas in Ibadan. Yes, they are chiefs and they are also Obas. Interesting, isn't it? We were told… In "Social Media Feeds" Ibadan  -  The Olubadan of Ibadanland , Oba Saliu Adetunji, has promoted and installed some traditional chiefs from both the Balogun and Otun Olubadan chieftaincy title lines. The spokesman of the monarch, Mr Adeola Oloko, said this in a statement issued on Friday in Ibadan. The statement said the promotion… In "News" •Oyo State Governor Seyi Makinde IBADAN - The race to who becomes the next Olubadan of Ibadanland, is becoming interesting.Appointment of another Olubadan of Ibadanland became necessary following the death of the 41st Olubadan of Ibadan, Oba Saliu Akanmu Adetunji, in the early hours of Sunday, 2 January 2022. Lawyers… In "Top Stories"