Nigerian singer, Reekado Banks has called out online taxi service company, Bolt, for not coming to his producer’s aid after he lost his bag in one of its taxis.  The ‘Ozumba Mbadiwe’ crooner, who complained on Twitter yesterday, said that his producer mistakenly left his bag, which had a hard drive containing his songs, in a Bolt ride. He said complaints was made but nothing was done by the online taxi operator. He said the online taxi app did not show any concern for his or his producer’s predicament. @RekaadoBanks wrote “Hello @Boltapp_ng, my producer forgot his bag in the back seat after a ride with one of your drivers on monday (screenshot of the driver’s details below). Attempts to retrieve the bag (which includes a hard drive with my files in them) have been unsuccessful.” In response, Bolt wrote, “Hi, Rekaado Banks, thank you for reaching us, Although we advise all riders to mind personal belongings when on trips, we will like to follow up on…”. The company then asked the music star to send an email to them.  Source Popular Nigerian artiste, Wizkid has lambasted fellow singer, Reekado Banks for trying to promote an old track they did together during the ongoing #EndSARS protest. Wizkid called Reekado a fool, as he said the artist is a clout chaser, who wants to divert Endsars attention to himself. This came after… In "News" Nigerian singer and songwriter, Ayoleyi Hanniel Solomon, better known as Reekado Banks is currently stranded in another African country, Gabon, urging the federal government to open borders, so he can return home. The 26-year-old musician can not return to his home country, Nigeria due to strict restrictions following the coronavirus… In "Metro" Kizz Daniel is reportedly holding a grudge against Reekado Banks and has refused to feature on any song the latter is involved in. The feud became evident after Harrysong, on the first version of his single ‘Selense’, featured the duo. Daniel was said to have already recorded his verse before… In "Entertainment"