Super Eagles coach, Augustine Eguavoen, said Nigerian players cut Egypt captain, Mohamed Salah, off the ball to record victory.  He said this during a post-match interview after Nigeria defeated Egypt 1-0 on Tuesday. Egypt depended heavily on Liverpool ace Mohamed Salah, recently shortlisted for the FIFA Best Player award. The coach commended the gallantry of the Super Eagles, saying the good performance will be replicated in subsequent matches. He said, “Egypt is a well-respected team; we respect them, but we’ve players who should be respected too. “We tried to cut Salah off the ball, and we tried to keep the ball. I gave the players freedom to enjoy themselves. “We gave everything during the match, and we must play every game as if it were a final. We won the first match, and we will see what we do in the next.” Eguavoen and his Super Eagles’ wards faced a stern examination of their credentials when Nigeria and seven-time AFCON champions Egypt went for each other’s jugular in the opening match of Group D of the 33rd AFCON on Tuesday. The venue was the 30,000–capacity Stade Roumdé Adjia in the northern Cameroonian town of Garoua at 5pm. Three precious points was the reward for the Eagles, as they look forward to their second match of the competition against Sudan’s Falcons of Jediane on Saturday. The match marked Nigeria’s 94th match at the Africa Cup of Nations, and her 51st win, having drawn 22 matches and lost 21. On their part, it was Egypt 101st match at the AFCON, during which they had won 57 matches, drawn 17 and lost 27. Nigeria is led to AFCON 2021 by Augustine Eguavoen, who was on-field captain when the Eagles won the title in Tunisia in 1994, and then coached the Eagles to third place in Egypt 12 years later. In 2004, he was assistant to Coach Christian Chukwu when the Eagles picked up the bronze medals in Tunisia. Soft-spoken but tactically astute, Eguavoen is the only man to have coached Nigeria to win all three group phase matches at the AFCON – when they defeated Ghana, Zimbabwe and Senegal in Port Said at the 2006 finals in Egypt. His team also bundled out Cup holders Tunisia after a pulsating penalty shootout in the quarter-finals.  Source Nigeria coach Gernot Rohr has given a hint on how the Super Eagles intend to stop Mohamed Salah at the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations. Pooled in Group D against the Pharaohs, Guinea Bissau and Sudan, the three-time African kings will begin their campaign against the North Africans on January… In "Sports" A cross-section of football fans in Abuja on Tuesday expressed  their satisfaction with the Super Eagles’ performance against Egypt at the ongoing 2021 Africa Cup of Nations  (AFCON) in Cameroon.The News Agency  of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Nigerian side beat the Pharaohs 1-0 in their opening Group D match… In "Sports" Kaduna  - Super Eagles’ Interim Coach Samson Siasia on Friday in Kaduna said his team would now be aiming to beat the Pharaohs of Egypt when both teams meet on Tuesday. Siasia who said this during a post-match briefing at the Ahmadu Bello Stadium, following his team’s 1-1 draw with… In "Sports"