Stakeholders of the All Progressives Congress in the North Central geopolitical zone of the country have adopted a former Deputy National Chairman of the defunct Congress for Progressives Change, Saliu Mustapha, as the zone’s unity candidate for the position of the National Chairman of the party at its forthcoming Convention in February.  The 49-year-old Mustapha is said to be the youngest of the aspirants vying for the position of the APC’s national chairmanship. He is a long-standing ally of the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.) from the latter’s days in the defunct All Nigerian Peoples Party through to the CPC. The stakeholders of the party in the North Central met on Sunday in Ilorin, the Kwara capital under the auspices of the North Central APC Central Advisory Council, and endorsed the candidature of Mustapha as the next national chairman of the ruling party. They premised their adoption of Mustapha as an outcome of a painstaking search for a unifying figure with zero political and corruption baggage that may affect the chances of the zone in its race for the APC plumb job. Led by Christopher Ameh, a former diplomat from Benue State, the group said of all the candidates contesting the position of the national chairman of the APC, Mustapha has the requisite party administration experience and a clean slate to slog it out from other big shots from the other regions. Also speaking, a former Speaker of the Kwara State House of Assembly, Pastor Benjamin Yisa, the convener of the meeting, said Mustapha is a unifying figure in the party in view of his vantage age and geopolitical demography. Yisa also urged President Muhammad Buhari, to ensure that only a candidate with no political baggage leads the party into the next cycle of elections. On his part, a former gubernatorial aspirant under the defunct CPC from Nassarawa State, Mallam Ahmed Goringo, commended Mustapha’s loyalty and his ability to rally support among all party members. He said, “Anyone in doubt of Saliu Mustapha’s loyalty to any cause he believes in is free to take a look at his antecedent. “Here is a man that has been with President Buhari through thick and thin right from the days of The Buhari Organisation. “We were together in the Congress for Progressive Change and as he did back then, we see him as the most likely to inspire confidence in a larger majority of APC members as a result of his good relations with all strata of the party,” Goringo said. The North-Central APC Central Advisory Council comprises former members of the National Assembly, former speakers and members of the state houses of assembly, serving, and former commissioners and other top stakeholders of the party from the zone. “The APC stakeholders from North Central are convinced that the geo-political zone deserves to produce the next National chairman even though the Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee has not taken a definite stance on the zoning of party positions,” a statement after the meeting read.  Source Even though the All Progressives Congress (APC) is yet to fix a date for its national convention, no fewer than 11 chieftains including five former governors from Northern states are jostling to succeed Governor Mai Mala Buni who is the caretaker chairman, according to SaharaReporters. According to Nation, the crisis… In "Politics" Seven are in the race for now. More may still join. Few may also withdraw along the line. But, the All Progressives Congress (APC) convention itself has remained elusive. Although the unelected National Caretaker Committee, led by Yobe State Governor Mai Mala Buni, has unfolded plans for ward, local government… In "Politics" Mallam Saliu Mustapha, former chieftain of the defunct Congress for Progressive Change (CPC), has commended the Southwest leaders of the All Progressives Congress (APC) for opposing agitations for secession. The leaders, led by Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, former governor of Lagos State, met on Sunday and opposed any form of… In "Politics"