BY TONY ONYIMA Nigerians have a penchant for titles. In fact the society is obsessed with it. It’s only in Nigeria that someone will be addressed thus: Chief Dr. Sir Taiwo Okeke. But how do the English, Europeans or Americans whom we are imitating use the doctoral title?Among the many style items involved in American English, references to academic degrees remain a common source of uncertainty. Do we, for instance, write doctoral degree or doctorate degree? What is the difference between a Ph.D. and an M.D., and when should the credentials appear in our writing? GrammarBook.com has sufficiently addressed such questions to provide direction you can apply. So what is a Doctor?  Doctor is an academic title that originates from the Latin; it’s an equivalent for “teacher.” It represents someone who has earned a doctoral degree, which is the highest academic distinction awarded by a college or university. A person with a doctorate is deemed to have completed coursework, exams, a dissertation, and an articulated defense for that dissertation. “Doctor” has been used as an academic title in Europe since the 13th century, when the first doctoral distinctions were given. Today, the contracted Dr. or Dr also represents someone who has obtained a doctorate in a particular field of study; an individual can be a “doctor” without a distinction in medicine. For example, someone might earn a Ph.D. (doctor of philosophy) in history or economics. Note that doctoral degrees are further distinguished into different types as well. The following are just a few of the titles bestowed: D.D. Divinitatis Doctor (Doctor of Divinity)D.D.S. Doctor of Dental SurgeryD.O. Doctor of OsteopathyD.V.M. Doctor of Veterinary MedicineJ.D. Juris Doctor (Doctor of Law)M.D. Medicinae Doctor (Doctor of Medicine)Ph.D. Philosophiae Doctor (Doctor of Philosophy) In speech, we would refer to the person with a doctorate in medicine and the person with a doctorate in history as “doctor.” In writing, however, doctors of medical, dental, and behavioral sciences are referred to differently from academic doctors who have earned a Ph.D. or other doctoral degree. The titles “Dr.” and “Ph.D.” are not interchangeable in writing. Only an individual who has earned a Doctorate of Philosophy degree should be identified as having a “Ph.D.” Someone who has earned a doctorate in medicine (including optometry), psychology, dentistry, or veterinary medicine would be referred to as having an “M.D.” (not a “Ph.D.”). We would not use Dr. before the names of those who hold only an honorary doctorate. We also would not continue using the title in references following the first one (e.g., Dr. Emily Branson on first mention and then Branson, Ms. Branson, or Mrs. Branson). According to The Associated Press Stylebook, if mentioning a degree is needed to establish someone’s credentials, the preferred form is to forgo an abbreviation and instead use as phrase such as Emily Branson, who has a doctorate of philosophy. If referring to multiple individuals with a doctorate, we can revert to the abbreviation to make the content less cumbersome. The abbreviation would follow the person’s full name and be set off with a comma: Tony Onyima, Ph.D.; Uche Nworah, Ph.D.; and Harrison Madubueze, Ph.D. If the individual holds a doctorate in medicine or psychology, dentistry, or veterinary medicine, we would place the abbreviated title “Dr.” before the name: Dr. Anthony Fowler. We would not spell the title before the name: Doctor Anthony Fowler would be incorrect. We also would not combine the title “Dr.” with another distinction that may have been earned: e.g., Dr. Anthony Fowler, D.D., would be incorrect. Likewise, we would drop titles such as Mr., Mrs., and Ms. if another title is used. Therefore;  Correct: Harold H. Johanssen, Ph.D. Incorrect: Mr. Harold H. Johanssen, Ph.D. The names of academic degrees and honors should be capitalized when they follow someone’s name, whether abbreviated or written in full: Bryan F. Wing, Doctor of Dental Surgery Bryan F. Wing, D.D.S. Style for punctuation of an abbreviated degree can vary. The Chicago Manual of Style recommends omitting periods unless they are required for consistency or tradition (i.e., use PhD in most references). The Associated Press  Stylebook on the other hand favors retaining the periods (Ph.D.). With that being said, you can choose your treatment according to your personal preference or the style guidelines you follow. So is it Doctoral Degree or Doctorate Degree? You may have noticed that we’ve been italicizing the words doctoral and doctorate in our discussion. These are all examples of how doctoral and doctorate can be applied with precision in your writing. In being precise, you can use doctorate as the identifying noun and doctoral as the identifying adjective (descriptor) of anything that relates to a doctorate. In other words, a doctorate is a doctoral degree. A doctorate would also have included a doctoral dissertation. The AP Stylebook recommends not using capitals for degrees expressed in general terms (doctorate, doctoral degree) but using them when capitalizing specific degrees (Doctor of Dental Surgery, Doctor of Philosophy). AP and CMoS agree that the field of study be written in lower case except when it contains a proper noun (e.g., Ph.D. in history, Ph.D. in French). •Source: grammarbook.com and taken from Tony Onyima’s Facebook wall The University of Adelaide, Australia is offering the Adelaide Scholarships International (ASI) for Master’s and Doctoral degrees (postgraduate) for international students. Application Deadlines: Round 1: 31st August 2017 Round 2: 31st January 2018 Round 3: 30th April 2018 Offered annually? Yes Eligible Field of Study: Courses offered at the university.… In "Education" Tobi, the daughter of Apostle Lawrence Achudume, General Overseer of Victory Life Bible Church, Abeokuta, Ogun bagged a doctoral degree in International Relations and Diplomacy from the prestigious American Graduate School, Paris, France at just 26. The former student of Lawson Group of Schools and TAIDOB College, Abeokuta, had her… In "Interview" •Isa Ali Pantami It emerged late last week that Communications and Digital Economy Minister Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami (or his agents) possibly instructed Zamfara State governor Bello Muhammad Matawalle to place an advertorial in the Daily Trust to congratulate Pantami on his “promotion to the Rank of Full Professor of… In "Opinion"