The administrative and controlling body for African association football, the Confederation of African Football, CAF, has reacted to the incident that took place at Olembe Stadium during the Africa Cup of Nations, (AFCON) Round of 16 tie between Cameroon and Comoros.  DAILY POST had earlier reported that at least six people died in a stampede outside the Olembe Stadium in Yaounde, Cameroon, during the AFCON host nation’s last-16 game against Comoros on Monday night. This happened as people struggled to gain access into the Olembe stadium ahead of the round of 16 match against Comoros Islands. In a statement via its website, CAF said the continental football governing body is currently investigating the situation and will try to get more details on what transpired. The statement read, “CAF is aware of the incident that took place at Olembe Stadium during the TotalEnergies Africa Cup of Nations fixture between hosts Cameroon and Comoros tonight, 24 January, 2022. “CAF is currently investigating the situation and trying to get more details on what transpired. We are in constant communication with the Cameroon government and the Local Organizing Committee. “Tonight, the CAF President Dr Patrice Motsepe sent the General Secretary, Veron Mosengo-Omba to visit the supporters in hospital in Yaoundé.”   Source Six persons have been reported dead after a crush at Olembe Stadium that hosted Cameroon and Comoros in the Cameroonian capital Yaounde during an Africa Cup of Nations match on Monday. In a video that surfaced online, football fans were seen struggling to get access to the stadium. A Cameroon-based… In "News" The 2019 Africa Cup of Nations starts today in Egypt. The spectacular biannual African football competition has always been known to be exciting, intriguing captivating and filled with surprises. However, this year’s promises to be no different. The 2019 African Cup of Nations will feature “24 countries” for the first… In "Sports" The TotalEnergies Africa Cup of Nations will for the first time in the history of the competition use the Video Assistant Referee (VAR) for all 52 matches of the tournament starting in Cameroon this weekend. The competition will kick-off on Sunday, 09 January 2022 with hosts Cameroon playing Burkina Faso… In "News"