KADUNA – The remaining kidnapped Bethel Baptist High School student who was held in the kidnappers den, has allegedly refused to return to his family and expressed that he was now comfortable staying with the terrorists. However, the member of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) who took the ransom demanded by the terrorists was also kidnapped after he delivered the message. Chairman of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) in Kaduna State, Rev Joseph John Hayab, also Vice Chairman of CAN in the North and Abuja, had expressed worry that “the remaining pupil,  the youngest of the abductees, rejected an offer of freedom from the terrorists.” It will be recalled that 121 Bethel Baptist High School students were kidnapped on July 5, 2021, at the school premises along the Kaduna-Kachia highway, Damishi, in the Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna state but 120 were released. “The remaining student preferred to remain with the bandits; it puzzled the entire members of the Baptist family and indeed, CAN. The bandits were said to be showering the boy with gifts each time they went out and come back from operations, thereby, making him reject the offer of freedom. “Only one pupil of the Bethel Baptist High School is remaining with the terrorists. The reason is that this young boy – because we have to be clear with the story so that we don’t get misquoted – is the smallest among them. “I think the kidnappers were smart. They worked and changed his mind that he even said he wants to stay with them. They gave him meat, good things. Anytime they go out and come back, they pick him among the rest and gave him so many things and then he starts acting funny. “If they tell him to go home, he would say he was not going and gave some flimsy excuses that his parents used to beat him at home. But we also made findings and we don’t want to expose his parents to any noise but that is what he said. We are confused too. “But I understand they are playing mind games with him by giving him gifts and convincing him to talk that way. But last week, they asked us to bring some money to come and take him. The person who took the money to them was kidnapped. The person is with them as I speak now. “So, it’s a very complicated situation that we are praying and managing with care. The man who has been helping us to deliver the money all this while went to deliver the money to free this boy; they were confusing and they kidnapped him. So, the whole thing is taking a different dimension and we need to be careful,” Hayab said. Hayab had repeatedly called on the authorities to help free the student and other kidnapped victims on the state. (Vanguard) No fewer than 17 kidnapped students of Bethel Baptist High School, Kaduna have returned, Police Public Relations Officer, ASP Mohammed Jalije, has said. The PUNCH had reported that gunmen attacked the Baptist school, located at Damishi town of Chikun Local Government Area in Kaduna State, and took away scores of… In "News" Ten more pupils of the abducted Bethel Baptist High School, Kaduna have been set free after 81 days in captivity. Kaduna State Chapter Chairman of Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Rev. Joseph Hayab confirmed their release on Sunday evening. Rev. Hayab also said 11 of the pupils were still in… In "News" Abuja - Fifteen kidnapped students of the Bethel Baptist High School have been released by bandits. Recall that the bandits released 28 of the students on Sunday, July 25, after N50m ransom was paid, and 20 days in captivity. The students were 121 in number, according to the president of… In "Top Stories"