An ex-Senate President Bukola Saraki has kicked against zoning of Peoples Democratic Party presidential ticket.  Saraki made the submission on Wednesday in a series of tweets via his Twitter handle. The former Kwara governor disclosed that if he is elected as the next President in 2023, Nigerians will “have a greater sense of what it means to be truly Nigerian”, adding that he is the “Nigerian for all Nigerians”. The chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), however, advised Nigerians not to allow issues of the past to shape their future when they could work together and be united. He wrote: “For quite some time now, as a nation, we have focused on the old arguments of ethnicity and regional sentiments, instead of capacity, competence, and other critical issues. “However, whenever we watch football and when it is time to celebrate as Nigerians at weddings and other social engagements, we are united. Why should we allow past issues to drag us back and define us? Why do we focus on the old issues that do not define our future? “This is why, based on my track record, if I am allowed to lead, all Nigerians will have a greater sense of what it means to be truly Nigerian. And yes, I believe that I am the “Nigerian for all Nigerians!”  Source The next general elections may be two years away, but the debate about which part of the country should produce the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate has begun to heat up the polity. While some members of the party have hinted of a possible return of the presidency to… In "Politics" FORMER Federal Commissioner for Information and South-South leader, Chief Edwin Clark has asked former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, former President of the Senate, Senator Bukola Saraki, Governor Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State and other northerners who have Presidential ambition ahead of 2023 should in the interest of justice, jettison such… In "Politics" By Edegbe Odemwingie & Jonathan Nda-Isaiah Against all odds, Senator Bukola Saraki and Hon Yakubu Dogara emerged Senate president and Speaker of the  House of Representatives, last Tuesday. JONATHAN NDA-ISAIAH and EDEGBE ODEMWINGIE, in this report, look at factors that led to their emergence After weeks of politicking and horsetrading,… In "News"