The Gombe offices of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and Atiku for President 2023 were on Tuesday attacked by hoodlums.  They looted the office, razed furniture and carted away valuable property, including air conditioners among others. The North East Coordinator of Atiku for President 2023, Dr. Adamu Bappayo, who addressed journalists in Gombe, expressed shock over the incident. He said he could not give any reason for the attack because former Vice President Atiku Abubakar is a peace-loving gentleman. The Gombe offices of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and Atiku for President 2023 were on Tuesday attacked by hoodlums. They looted the office, razed furniture and carted away valuable property, including air conditioners among others. The North East Coordinator of Atiku for President 2023, Dr. Adamu Bappayo, who addressed journalists in Gombe, expressed shock over the incident. He said he could not give any reason for the attack because former Vice President Atiku Abubakar is a peace-loving gentleman. “I received a call on my phone around 2 am informing me of an attack on the building by hoodlums I do not know what can warrant his kind of attack because my principal, Vice President Atiku Abubakar is a peace-loving man. “He has a smooth relationship with the Governor of the state, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya and many other personalities across the state,” he said. According to him, the matter has already been reported to Commissioner of Police and the DSS, which requested for a comprehensive statement on it. As at the time of filing this report, Gombe PDP chairman, Abnon Kwaskebe is holding a meeting with the State Commandant of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC). Gombe Deputy Commissioner of Police, Adamu Ngorjin, said the Commissioner of Police, Ishola Babaita, has visited the PDP office to ascertain the situation. Ngorjin said it was too early to make any comment on the incident because the police were still investigating it.  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko   Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar has reacted to the invasion of the senate, saying it as an assult on Nigeria's democracy by anti-democratic elements.   Sundiata Post recalls that hoodlums on Wednesday invaded the red chamber and carted away with the symbol… In "Top Stories" BAUCHI - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has said that the party’s floor is open for any contender willing to contest for the presidential election in 2023, including Atiku Abubakar. National Chairman of the Party, Prince Uche Secondus, said this while reacting to questions from journalists in Bauchi… In "Politics" FORMER Federal Commissioner for Information and South-South leader, Chief Edwin Clark has asked former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, former President of the Senate, Senator Bukola Saraki, Governor Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State and other northerners who have Presidential ambition ahead of 2023 should in the interest of justice, jettison such… In "Politics"