LAGOS – Angered by the uncharitable conduct of Rev. Fr. James Anelu, the Parish Priest of Holy Trinity Catholic Church, Ewu-Owa Gberigbe in Ikorodu,  Lagos, the  Catholic Archdiocese of Lagos has wielded the big stick, directing the priest to proceed on indefinite leave of absence. Rev. Fr.  Anelu in a bizarre pronouncement, banned Igbo songs and choruses in his parish, arguing that the excesses of Ndigbo must be contained. The priest angrily stopped a soul lifting chorus during the second collection, noting that Igbos cannot keep dominating other people even in his parish. He cited the case of his Benin Diocese where Igbos dominate to the point of becoming the bishop in person of Most Rev. Augustine  Akubueze, adding that the spirit of God in any place recognises only languages indigenous to that geographical location. This ignoble utterance by a supposed ordained priest didn’t sit down well with the members as the entire congregation went up in tumultuous uproar, staging a massive walk out of the mass. However, in a swift reaction, the Lagos Archdiocese dismissed the priest’s comment as “completely unacceptable” adding that the “unsavoury” remarks by Rev. Fr Anelu “doesn’t represent the Catholic Church position on common brotherhood of people of all tribes and religion.” In a disclaimer issued by Alfred Adewale Martins, the Archbishop of Lagos, the Church said the priest “has been asked to proceed on an indefinite leave of absence to give an opportunity for a thorough investigation of all matters relating to his ministry in the parish.” The leave of absence takes effect from Tuesday, 8th February, 2022. By Chijioke Ogbodo It was an emotion laden moment in Lugano, Switzerland as a Nigerian priest, Rev. Fr. (Dr.) Gerald Ani, broke down in tears as his parishioners sang him an Igbo song. Gerald Ani, an Agbani, Enugu State-born parish priest of St. Ambrose Catholic Church Barbengo (at Lugano) and… In "Metro" By Emmanuel Antswen Makurdi - A Catholic Priest, Rev Fr Andrew Igbana, has said that Priests also face challenges, tough moments and, sometimes, receive insults from members of the public. Fr Igbana stated this on Friday while delivering a sermon at the 10th Priestly Anniversary of Rev Fr James Utav,… In "News" Lagos- Catholic Archbishop of Lagos, Most Rev. Alfred Adewale Martins, has advised Christians to desist from the use of phones in places of worship as a sign of respect for God. Martins made the call in his sermon at the dedication of the Catholic Church of Visitation, Festac Town, Lagos… In "News"