NAN reports that some armed men have killed a father, while they abducted a 12-year-old girl in Chukuku in the Kuje Area Council of the Federal Capital Territory.  The armed men were said to have stormed the community in their large number and shot sporadically while the operation lasted. A resident of the area who pleaded anonymity said the incident had caused apprehension in the community. The source said the armed men were yet to reach out to the family for a ransom on the abducted girl. He said, “The gunmen came in their large number and attacked the residence of this man in Chukuku, along Old Chukuku road. One person (an adult) was killed and his 12-year-old daughter was taken away. “The armed men came in the early hours of Tuesday and operated for hours and shot sporadically to the air throughout their operation. “So far, no form of communication has been made to or from the kidnappers. The incident has created fear in residents of the area.” When contacted, the FCT police command spokesperson, DSP Josephine Adeh, promised to find out. She had yet to do so at the time of filing this report. Calls put to her line afterwards were not answered. Source It was a bloody day on Wednesday as gunmen went on the rampage in various parts of the country. They killed two policemen in an attack on the Adani divisional headquarters in Enugu State. In Kaduna State, bandits killed a worker and abducted a yet-to-be specified number of students from… In "News" Unknown gunmen have kidnapped five people in Gutarrinda village in Dnakudna district of Shiroro local government area of Niger state. Those abducted include two women, two young girls between 19 and 20 years and a 15 year old boy. The attack occurred at 12 midnight on Saturday. This attack is… In "News" •As thousands flee Delta community over killings, Kidnapping•Police engage suspected herdsmen in gun duel•Residents allege abandonment by govt Omon-Julius Onabu in Asaba and Laleye Dipo in Minna Abuja (Sundiata Post) - For the second time in less than two weeks, bandits, again, attacked Gurmana town in the Shiroro Local Government… In "Top Stories"