The Lagos State Government has lifted the suspension earlier placed on the Removal of Abandoned Vehicles Committee (RAVC) ad hoc operation in the state. The Special Adviser to the Governor on Transportation, Hon Oluwatoyin Fayinka, explained that the decision was reached after a thorough appraisal and review of the operational guidelines of the team in accordance with the laws of the state as captured in the Traffic Sector Reform Law (TSRL) 2018. It would be recalled that the committee was suspended after an outcry from members of the public on its activities. Hon Fayinka, however, stated that RAVC would be back better and stronger having gone through professional training for the discharge of its duties on the removal of stationary and abandoned vehicles which posed environmental nuisance, security and traffic impediments. He reiterated that the creation of the committee was mainly for the removal of stationary and abandoned vehicles on highways and inner roads across Lagos State to reduce traffic for the motoring public. He noted that some artisans had turned roads into their workshops, repairing vehicles on the roads, loading and unloading on the roads without due consideration for other road users. By Adekunle Williams Ikeja -  The Lagos State House of Assembly has made provisions for compulsory lane markings, traffic laws signals on highways in the ongoing amendment of the Lagos Traffic Law and Regulations. The Chairman, House Committee on Transportation, Mr Temitope Adewale (Ifako-Ijaiye I), made this known during an… In "News" Plateau’s Gov. Simon Lalong has approved the appointment of a seven-member Interim Management Committee on Plateau Road Traffic Administration and Vehicle Inspection for Jos and Bukuru metropolises. The approval is contained in a statement by his Director of Press and Public Affairs, Dr Makut Macham, issued on Wednesday in Jos.… In "News" Lagos- Motorists and commuters on Friday urged the Lagos State and the Federal Governments to find a lasting solution to the perennial gridlock that often locks down the metropolis. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Lagos metropolis was again locked down by traffic jams, apparently caused by tankers… In "Top Stories"