As the race for the 2023 presidential election gathers momentum, Senator Anyim Pius Anyim, frontline Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) aspirant on, on Friday took his consultations to the South-West. Anyim kicked off his consultations with the leader of the Odua Peoples Congress (OPC), Iba Gani Adams, the Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yorubaland, at his Lagos home. Anyim also visited Chief Olabode George, former PDP Deputy National Chairman (South) and Chief Ayo Adebanjo, leader of the Yoruba socio-cultural group, Afenifere. The visit to the three leaders is the commencement of his wider consultations with South-West leaders. Anyim, former Senate President and Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), told Gani Adams that he had come to consult with him on his aspiration to lead the country after President Muhammadu Buhari and to seek his blessing. Aare Gani Adams, who was happy at the visit, prayed for Anyim and wished him well in his political aspiration. Chief Bode George said Anyim has the requisite character and competence to lead the country. “You are a highly responsible character. You became the Senate President, the country’s number three citizen. You were in the federal civil service. You were Secretary to the Government of the Federation. So you have gathered experience, capacity, character, knowledge. I have no doubt in my mind that you will be a good leader.” Chief George advised Anyim to preach peace on his campaign tours. “I know you as a first class planner. It shall be well with you,” he said. Anyim had told Chief George that he came to seek his blessings and to formally inform him of his intention to contest the 2023 presidential election. Addressing George, who is a founding member of the PDP, Anyim said: “One unique thing to watch out for in 2023 is that the children of democracy in 1999 are stepping in to take charge. “On the surface, it may look ordinary but it is significant. I am one of the children of democracy. We want to advance the legacies you, the founding fathers of PDP and this democracy, bequeathed to us. “We can rebuild and refocus this nation and advance the cause of democracy. The country must move forward as a united entity but on the three building blocks of equity, fairness and justice. “I have come for you to show me the way, to carry me on your back across the bridge.” Bode George wished him well. “I want to tell you that my back is big enough to carry you. I wish you well.” George who lent his support to zoning, said, “Our brothers from the South-East must come together and have a direction. There must be no spoilers. By whatever parameter, what is good for the goose, must also be good for the gander.”Anyim told Pa Adebanjo that he came to consult with him and seek his blessings. •Senator Adolphus Wabara (left) and Senator Anyim Pius Anyim at the occasion •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim and Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe at the occasion The 2023 presidential aspiration of former Senator President, Anyim Pius Anyim receivef a major boost on Tuesday as anotherformer president of the Senate, Chief Adolphus Wabara and… In "Top Stories" •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim Former Senate President, Anyim Pius Anyim, is intensifying his efforts to secure the buy-in of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) stakeholders in his aspiration to fly the party's flag in the 2023 presidential election. The former Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) declared his… In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Today, 6th January, 2022, His Excellency Senator Pius Anyim Pius, met with us the Zonal and State Executives of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) as well as selected political leaders and elders from across Abia, Anambra, Ebonyi, Enugu and Imo States, making up the five states… In "Top Stories"