The Anambra State High Court sitting in Awka, yesterday, nullified the wards, councils and state congresses of the All Progressives Congress (APC) held in January 2022. The party had conducted the congresses, which produced Basil Ejidike as the state chairman, but Justice Ike Ogu of High Court Four Awka, who delivered judgment on the matter, ruled that the exercise contravened the court’s initial interlocutory injunction. Ogu, whose judgment on the suit filed by one Lawrence Emegini and others, ruled that the plaintiff’s case succeeded, adding that the tenure of wards, councils and state executives, who were elected during the 2018 congresses in Anambra State subsisted. He noted that whatever congress conducted by APC and its representatives in the state while the tenure of the 2018 elected executives were still running, contravened the court’s order. He stated that Emeka Ibe-led executives should be allowed to complete their tenure, which was illegally terminated.Secretary of APC faction loyal to Ibe, Mr. Chukwuma Agufugo, described the judgment as victory for the rule of law. Agufugo said some people had wanted to disorganise the party by attempting to hijack its leadership through the back door, but commended the court for liberating the party. Counsel for the plaintiff, Chief P. I. Ikwueto (SAN), said his clients had been vindicated by the decision of the court, while counsel for the faction dissolved by the judgment, Chinonso Chinwuba, said they would review the verdict to decide the next line of action. “We will file notice of appeal and stay of execution. The judge erred in law and it will be set aside at the appeal,” he said. An Anambra State High Court sitting in Awka on Wednesday issued Interlocutory Injunction restraining the All Progressives Congress (APC) from conducting Ward and local government congresses in the state. Justice Ike Ogu of High Court four, Awka made the order following application by 18 APC Local Government chairmen and other… In "News" A High Court of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) in Maitama has nullified the elections held by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Anambra State on June 10 and 11 to elect a three-man ad-hoc ward delegate that would participate in the voting at the primary of the PDP scheduled… In "News" .... Voids all congresses, appointments made since March 6 A High Court of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) in Maitama, Abuja, has sacked the state and local government executive councils (EXCOs) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Anambra State. Justice O.A. Adeniyi gave the order sacking the EXCOs in… In "Top Stories"