Ilorin-based legal practitioner, Mr Taiwo Usman, has advised politicians in the country to shun do-or-die politics, as the 2023 general election draws near.  Usman, who gave the advice in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Ilorin on Friday, said that politicians should be friendly in their approach to the upcoming elections. According to him, politics is a game and not a war, where people must harm their opponents to achieve their desired goals. “Enough of winning-at-all-cost politics; politicians should learn how to accept defeat in good faith and stop bloody politics. “We must stop using gun to win election; stop sponsoring thugs to snatch ballot boxes and stop causing social unrest, all in the name of politics. “2023 election is around the corner. Our politicians must shun do-or-die politics; they must shun bloody politics and embrace fair play in their approach to politics,” he advised. The legal practitioner, however, advised religious leaders and political stakeholders in the country to advocate for peace and desist from spreading hate speech. He also said that youths should not allow themselves to be used as weapons of destruction during the election.  (NAN) By Bushrah Yusuf-Badmus   Ilorin    -    An Ilorin-based legal practitioner, Mr Lanre Bello, on Monday, advised politicians against do or die politics, as the 2019 general election approaches. Bello, while speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Ilorin, said it was high time politicians eschewed hate speech and… In "News" ILORIN - Gov. Abdulfatah Ahmed of Kwara State on Friday urged politicians to shun all forms of violence and refrain from using youths as thugs during elections. Ahmed gave the advice at the Ansarul Islam Society Ramadan Lecture held at Ansarul Islam Primary School, Okekere, Ilorin. He said that politicians… In "Features" By Toba Ajayi   Ilorin   -      A Christian cleric, Pastor Banji Bolade on Thursday in Ilorin urged politicians irrespective of party affiliations to support the government and shun distractions to move the country forward. Bolade, who pastors Testimony Church of Christ, Tanke, said politicians should close ranks after elections and… In "News"