MINNA – Allawa town Rafi Local Government Area of Niger State was on Thursday night deserted as gunmen for the second time, attacked the military camp in the town. The terrorists burnt down the camp and carted away weapons. The terrorists also said to have gone away with a Hilux van belonging to the military. The terrorists numbering about 200 invaded Allawa town about 10pm on Thursday and made their way straight to the military camp and engaged the soldiers in a fierce gun battle which lasted for several hours. According to a source close to Allawa town, there were casualties on both sides but details of the actual casualties was still sketchy as the time of filing this report as nobody could go in or out of Allawa town. A number of the villagers were equally caught in the crossfire between the soldiers and the gunmen, leaving the entire town now deserted as the villagers have escaped to the bush. This latest onslaught by the terrorists is coming barely one week after a similar attack, targeting the Joint Security Taskforce camp at Galadiman Kogo which led to the killing of 11 members of the security Taskforce and unspecified numbers of civilian. Houses, food barns, vehicles and other properties worth millions of naira were burnt down by the terrorists. It will be recalled that in April last year, gunmen invaded the same military camp in Allawa, killing five soldiers and an Inspector of Police. This led to the shutting down of the camp by the military but it was reopened a month after with deployment of additional troops to the area.In another development, terrorists said to be numbering about 300 and riding on about 100 motorcycles, invaded Mariga town in Mariga local government area of the state and rustled over 300 cattle.A source close to the local vigilantes in the area said though nobody was killed, the terrorists went away with almost all the cattle in the town unchallenged. (Daily Sun) •Muhammadu Buhari, President and Commander-in-Chief, Nigerian Armed Forces MINNA - Bandits in the early hours of yesterday invaded a military base in Allawa, Shiroro Local Government Area of Niger State and killed five soldiers and a mobile policeman. The entire military camp was razed by the bandits who invaded the base… In "Top Stories" The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has raised a search and rescue team for its missing Alpha-Jet. The fighter jet with two crew members lost contact with radar around 5pm on Wednesday. It was on an interdiction mission in support of ground troops in the ongoing counter-insurgency operations in Borno State,… In "News" Hundreds of armed bandits invaded a military base in Alawa, Shiroro, Niger State, in the early hours of Thursday, killing five soldiers and a mobile policeman. Seven villagers were also killed during the attack which lasted about two hours. The entire military camp was razed down by the bandits who… In "News"