By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in the 2019 general election, Atiku Abubakar on Saturday paid a courtesy visit to his former boss, President Olusegun Obasanjo in his country home, otta, Abeokuta. Atiku who dropped the hint of his visit as well as the pictures taken with his former boss via his twitter handle said: “It was delightful seeing my former boss, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo, this morning during a courtesy visit at his Abeokuta residence.” Though Atiku did not disclose the purpose of his visit to Obasanjo, but Sundiata Post believes that it may not unconnected with part of his consultations ahead of the announcement of his 2023 presidential ambition. Recall that the owner of AIT and RayPower, High Chief Raymond Dokpesi has engaged in a nation-wide mobilisation tour for the candidacy of Atiku Abuja for 2023 under the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party. Sundiata Post recalls that Atiku served under Obasanjo as Vice President throughout his eight years in office as democratically elected president of Nigeria from 1999 2007. By Nse Anthony-Uko ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - There are strong indications that former President Olusegun Obasanjo may have blocked the choice of Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala as running mate to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) presidential flag bearer, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar who is currently on intensive search for a running mate… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Former Nigeria’s vice president, Atiku Abubakar 'Jams' into his former boss, President Olusegun Obasanjo on Wednedsay at a forum organised by the Gusau Institute on ‘A New Era for China-Africa Cooperation at Transcorp Hilton Hotel, Abuja. The two former leaders greeted warmly.   But many will… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Former Vice President and 2019 Presidential aspirant under the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party,  Alhaji Atiku Abubakar he is disturbed  over the trend of events in Nigeria in reaction to the trumped up charges against his boss,  former President Olusegun Obasanjo.  … In "Top Stories"