Singer, lawyer and social activist, Folarin Falana, aka Falz, is of the opinion that Nigeria is moving backwards because adequate attention is not paid to the development of young people. The Bop Daddy rapper stated this in an interview with the Legal Avenue podcast hosted by Lola OJ. He said, “Everything that every young Nigerian has ever tried to do or be, the Nigerian state has always held them back I think that’s a horrible energy. The young people in any nation are the most valuable natural resources. If people are not invested in and developed to bring about a greater society, we are just moving backwards.” Asked if he intends to go into politics, the rapper said, “I have never really thought about it. I am just a well-wisher. I want everything to be okay. I look around me and I see that everything is upside down. I do not think Africans should be existing like this as a people. There is an ‘entire array of greatness’ we are supposed to walk into but we are dragging our feet.” Falz also stated that Nigeria was stuck despite the technological advancements in other nations. He added, “If one is not in tune (with what is happening globally), how can one flow with the rest of the world? Do you know the kind of technological advancements the (rest of the) world is making? We are stuck here. We are far behind yet some people are saying they don’t want the TikTok generation to lead.”  (Punch)       Nigerian entertainer and activist, Charles Oputa, popularly called Charlyboy, is set to release a hit single featuring rapper Folarin Falana, popularly known as Falz. The 68-year-old grandfather, who released his debut high-life album over three decades ago, hinted at the ‘collabo’ in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria… In "Entertainment" Nigerian entertainer Charles Oputa, known as Charley Boy, has asserted that being in hell after death would not be difficult for him since he has adapted to the condition of Nigeria. Charley Boy on his Instagram handle who posted a photo of himself in a casket captioned the picture thus,… In "News" Nigerian lawyer, actor and musician, Folarin Falana aka Falz has said he is not afraid to die for Nigeria. He made the statement in an interview with CNN's Christiane Amanpour after a short clip of President Muhammadu Buhari’s Thursday’s speech was played. According to him, Buhari’s promise to reform the… In "Entertainment"