Chief Diket Gupiya, the paramount ruler of Pushit District in Mangu Local Government Area of Plateau State, has been abducted by unknown gunmen.  The traditional ruler of the country home of the state deputy governor, Sonny Tyoden, was kidnapped barely two months after Charles Mato, the Sum Pyem and paramount ruler in the neighbouring Gindiri District was kidnapped and later released after a ransom was reportedly paid.Eyewitnesses told Punch that the monarch was abducted at his palace in Pushit on Thursday night, February 24.The eyewitnesses said that monarch was in his palace watching television around 9pm when the gunmen attacked his house and whisked him away to an unknown destination.One of the residents, Philip Moses, said;The unfortunate has befallen us again. Chief Diket Gupiya, our district head in Pushit was kidnapped on Thursday night.”Police Public Relations Officer in Plateau State, Ubah Ogaba, said that the command is aware of the incident and have deployed some operatives “for a possible rescue of the traditional ruler “.  Source Suspected bandits who kidnapped the paramount ruler of Gindiri, Charles Mato Dakota, are demanding the sum of N50 million for his release. On Sunday, gunmen suspected to be bandits terrorising the Mangu Local Government Area of Plateau State kidnapped the paramount ruler and whisked him to an unknown destination. According… In "Features" HRH. Da Gyang Balak Gut, the Da Gwom Rwei of Vwang District of Jos South Local Government has been abducted by unknown gunmen. The military task force responsible for the maintenance of peace in the state, code-named Operation Safe Haven (OPSH), has confirmed the abduction. His abduction comes barely three… In "News" Esit Eket (Akwa Ibom)  - No fewer than 10 unknown gunmen on Friday night kidnapped the pregnant wife of Ubong Assam, the paramount ruler of Esit Eket in Akwa Ibom. The gunmen also abducted the four children of the traditional ruler. Chief Asuquo Abia, the Secretary, Traditional Rulers Council, Esit… In "Metro"