By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASSU), University of Jos chapter, has expressed anger over failure of the Federal Government to implement it’s promises made to the union. ASSU said they have over the years engaged the government on demands that will uplift the standard of academics in Nigeria Universities, with no result as the government kept reneging on them. ASSU stated this on Friday in a statement made available to our correspondent in Jos. According to ASSU: “We want Nigerians to know that we are no longer interested in the promises of an unfaithful philandering spouse. In the mean time, we are resolved to proceed on an indefinite and comprehensive strike until fidelity returns to our relationship with the government and our demands are met. “As a body we are tired of the back and forth, this brownian motion must stop. We are determined to end the dubious pronouncements by government claiming commitment to sound University education and fidelity to collective agreement”. The statement signed by the Chairman of the UNIJOS chapter, Dr Lazarus Maigoro, further laments that the union nolonger have faith in the government and will act with the only weapon the FG understands. “We are tired of their deceit and it’s time for us to act”, Maigoro said. He listed some of the demands as Conclusion and signing of the re-negotiated 2009 agreement, Immediate deployment of the University Transparency Solution (UTAS) in place of the discredited IPPIS, Proliferation of Universities by both the Federal government and State governments, Epileptic mainstreaming of ASUU members EAA into monthly salaries, Delay in the release and implementation of the white paper on visitation panels and Knee-jerk funding of public universities. “We want to inform Nigerians, that we are tired of fruitless meetings with the Minister of Labour, NUC Executive Secretary, Salaries, Incomes and Wages Commission, NITDA and the Chief of Staff to the President. If they ever want us to listen to them, they should first of all act on the promises they have already made”. “It is a shame that they continue to defend IPPIS, a policy that has been thrashed by an independent office of government, the office of the Auditor-General of the Federation”, ASSU expressed in anger. By Mercy Osajiugo‎ ‎ ‎ Lapai   -    The Academic Staff Union (ASUU) of IBB University Lapai, has embarked on a one week warning strike over non payment of N530 million accrued academic allowances. Dr Salahu Lawal, the ASSU Chairman of the institution told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in… In "News" The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) yesterday resolved to put on hold its decision on strike. The varsity teachers’ union took stand to give room for further consultations and after receiving reports from its branches. According to the union, the decision was taken after a December 18 meeting to… In "News" Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU, Obafemi Awolowo University branch, on Thursday, disclosed that the union is having problem over the earned academic allowance because the institution’s Vice Chancellor is a member of a rival union, CONUA. Addressing journalists, during a peaceful protest in the school campus, OAU ASUU Chairman,… In "News"