To make good the warning of its Chairman/Chief Executive Officer, Brigadier-General Buba Marwa (rtd), Operatives of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA, Tuesday night stormed a popular nightlife relaxation garden at Wuse area of Abuja and arrested eight persons for indulgence in drugs use.  Director Media and Advocacy of NDLEA, Femi Babafemi confirmed the arrest of eight offenders to Vanguard. Operatives of the anti-drug agency acting on reliable intelligence were said to have taken the patronizers (including foreigners) of the garden said to be notorious for all manner of drug use trade unawares leading to several guests scampering to escape arrest. The NDLEA operatives were said to have stormed the nightlife garden at about 9 pm on Tuesday night in sizeable numbers, making it impossible for all the guests to escape While confirming the raid, Babafemi said those nabbed were caught in the act of drugs abuse noting the investigation has commenced He said, “A total of eight persons were arrested. Some of them are dealers, while others are users. “All the people arrested have connections with drugs. Our men recovered drugs from them at that spot. They were drinking cannabis as tea.”  Source Operatives of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency at the weekend seized 12,385 kilograms of Loud Cannabis, a strong variant of the illicit weed imported from a neighbouring country and smuggled into Lagos through the waterways. This was disclosed in a statement issued by the Director, Media and Advocacy, NDLEA… In "News" •NDLEA operatives By Femi Babafemi LAGOS - Operatives of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA, have arrested a Nigerian woman based in Brazil, Mrs. Anita Ugochinyere Ogbonna at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, NAIA, Abuja, with 100 pellets of cocaine concealed in her private part and handbag. The mother… In "Metro" Abuja - Operatives of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency have arrested a suspected drug dealer, Stephen Ikeanyionwu, who was declared wanted for allegedly attempting to export 69 kilograms of cocaine, heroin and cannabis to the United Kingdom through the NAHCO export shed of the Murtala Muhammed International Airport at… In "Top Stories"