 An FCT High Court sitting in Maitama, Abuja, has given the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) and Emmanuel Ogbeche, March 15, to appear before it. The order was for the defendants to respond to originating summons against them in respect of the disputed Dec. 4, FCT Council elections of the NUJ. The summon was filed by Mr Okorie Michael, Counsel for the Claimant, Mr Donald Ugwu of News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), against the Trustees of NUJ, 1st defendant, and Emmanuel Ogbeche of Abuja Enquirer, 2nd defendant. Okorie asked the court to give a declaration that his client, Ugwu, was the sole candidate duly qualified to contest for the office of the chairman in the 2021 FCT council election on Dec. 4, 2021. He also asked the court to grant an order nullifying the purported screening and clearance of the 2nd defendant by the credentials committee inaugurated by the 1st defendant contrary to the provisions of sections of Articles 1, 5, and 6 of the NUJ constitution. He also asked for an order disqualifying the 2nd defendant from contesting any elective position in the said election. He further asked for an order of perpetual injunction restraining the defendants, agents, privies assigns or others from recognizing the 2nd defendant as a candidate in the election. Other reliefs sought, included a declaration: “That the check off dues of the 2nd defendant, haven not been deducted at source, paid or remitted by his employer from his monthly salary as provided in Article 4 (1) a and 2 (a) of the NUJ constitution, the 2nd defendant was not in good financial standing of the union. “That the 2nd defendant not being in good financial standing in check off dues, was not qualified as a candidate for the office of chairman of NUJ, FCT Council. “That the screening and clearance of the 2nd defendant by the credentials committee inaugurated by the 1st defendant contrary to Articles 1 (a), 5 (9) (a-f) and 6 (7) a, b and e of the NUJ constitution was unlawful, unconstitutional, null and void.” Okorie supported the summons with a 24-point affidavit, exhibits, and cited previous law reports, deposed to on Dec. 2. He averred that his client had followed due process as required by the NUJ constitution and the timetable by raising objections to Ogbeche’s candidacy which were disregarded and unattended to by the credentials committee. Okorie averred that the members of the credentials committee were sympathetic to Ogbeche and continuously protected his interest against the members of the union. He averred that the NUJ constitution did not provide waiver of the criteria for the qualification of any candidate seeking elective office. “I know that as fact that recognising the candidacy of the 2nd defendant without meeting up with the mandatory requirement of the union will work hardship on the sanctity and supremacy of the constitution of the union,’’ Okorie contended. He urged the court “to up the integrity of the union by giving a literal and natural interpretation of the good will of the member of the union in the overall interest of justice. “We posit that to do otherwise by the honourable court is to give effect and endorsement to the rule of impunity other than rule of law.  NAN By Collins Yakubu-Hammer Abuja -  Emmanuel Ogbeche of the Abuja Inquirer Newspaper on Saturday in Abuja emerged as the new chairman of the FCT Council of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Ogbeche defeated Hajia Rafatu Salami of the Voice of Nigeria… In "News" By Dorcas Jonah   Abuja -   Mansur Ahmed, Executive Director, Government and Strategic Relations, Dangote Group, has pledged to partner with the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) FCT Council for economic development. Ahmed said this on Thursday when the NUJ FCT Council Executives led by its Chairman, Comrade Emmanuel… In "News" NO fewer than five cases are currently before different courts on the eligibility or otherwise of Governor Mai Mala Buni holding the positions of the Chairman of the Caretaker/Extraordinary National Convention Planning Committee of the ruling All Progressives Congress and governor of Yobe State at the same time., investigation by… In "News"