By FRED CHUKWUELOBE For the first time I decided to travel by train from Lagos to Abeokuta. My friend, Idowu Benson, Esq, insisted we use the train and avoid the gridlock and insecurity of the our famished roads. We headed to Mobalaji Johnson Station, Sabo, Yaba, to take the 8:30am train to honour our friend, Tobi, who is burying his mother. We got there on time and quickly bought our business class tickets for just N3,000. Yes N3k. But that’s not the gist. The story is the shock that welcomed me. The station is superbly built, better than our international and local airports. I was amazed. Standard building, functioning public address system, clean environment, courteous staff, responsible passengers queuing up. You see this country, we can get it right. All that is required is visionary leadership. However, as excited as I am, I worry about maintenance. Knowing our poor maintenance culture, I fear that in a few years, facilities will start deteriorating. I hope measures are put in place to forestall this. Meanwhile, you need to visit the train stations to believe since seeing is believing. Congratulations to Nigeria. Congratulations to former president Goodluck Jonathan who started the groundbreaking work and president Muhammadu Buhari who didn’t abandone it the typical Nigeria way, but completed it. •Source: Facebook By Yemi Adeleye/Ngozi Njoku Lagos - The Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC) says Nigerians will soon enjoy hourly train services on the Lagos-Ibadan Standard Gauge rail line. The Lagos Railway District Manager, Mr Jerry Oche, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos on Saturday that more activities would soon… In "News" LAGOS - Train users  in Lagos have condemned Tuesday’s attack on a train station at Itoki in Ogun State, describing it as uncalled for. The hoodlums also vandalised facilities at the station a day after Vice President Namadi Sambo inaugurated some coaches at the Lagos Terminus at Iddo . Sambo… In "News" By Tyobur Adanyi For the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari, the recent commissioning of the Abuja-Kaduna rail line is a promise kept. But, in the views of travellers and experts, it is a development that has brought about a new experience in the way passengers and goods are moved between… In "Features"