For many who witnessed the scene, it was an unbelievable incident at Onitsha, Anambra stated as a Bible remained unscathed after a fire completely razed not less than three cars. According to reports, the cars were parked in front of a compound when the fire started and everything inside burnt to ashes except the Bible. In a viral video that surfaced following the incident, a man could be seen rising up the Holy Bible and flipping its pages to show that it hadn’t been burnt. Most of the onlookers were seemingly amazed, praising and referencing the sovereignty of God.The incident has elicited reactions among social media users. Among the reactors are popular OAP Daddy Freeze and son of Afrobeat pioneer, Seun Kuti. Daddy Freeze, who shared a screenshot of the post on his Instagram page, wrote: “So phones and iPads that contain bibles too shouldn’t burn now, abi?” Reacting in the comment section of the post, Big Bird wrote: “The tablets and phones burn baba but the Bible app remains unscathed.” (Thenation)      Apostle Johnson Suleman, the Senior Pastor of Omega Fire Ministries, has reacted to the apology offered to the founder of Living Faith Church, Bishop David Oyedepo by controversial On-Air Personality, Daddy Freeze, over an old clip. Freeze took to his social media pages, to upload a video of him saying… In "News" By Babajide Awoyinfa Lagos, -. Media Personality, Ifedayo Olarinde, popularly called Daddy Freeze, has reacted to a pastor’s comment asking Christians to stop watching ‘Game of Thrones’, a popular TV series, that has taken over the air space. Game of Thrones Game of Thrones is an American fantasy drama television… In "Entertainment" Daddy Freeze; On-Air Personality and radio presenter suffered a dreadful attack at the hands of a clergyman which cannot reasonably be swept under the carpet; under any guise. Daddy Freeze ( Ifedayo Lucien Olarinde) is also a social commentator whose views are sometimes controversial, but whose opinions are always expressed… In "News"