Lawyer and human rights activist, Simon Ekpa has disclosed that the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, will no longer take orders from their leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu.Ekpa said the group would no longer take orders from Kanu because he is incarcerated.  He, however, noted that members would push for Kanu’s unconditional release.In a series of tweets, Ekpa disclosed that agitators have entered the liberation phase of the Biafra nation.According to him, the liberation of Biafra can’t be used against Kanu.He wrote: “We have entered the liberation phase of Biafra Nation & we are not taking orders from our leader who is incarcerated.”“Our duty is to do everything to secure his unconditional release and to restore and liberate Biafra from Nigeria. Our freedom from Nigeria is non-negotiable.“Those who do not understand this message, what it simply means is that Mazi Nnamdi Kanu will not be held responsible for the actions of Biafra people as we have entered the liberation. So, the order of the liberation of Biafra and to secure his release can not be used against him.  Source The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has debunked the rumour making the rounds that Mazi Simon Ekpa had been appointed to take over Radio Biafra as its Interim Leader. It described the misrepresentation of facts as deliberate and handwork of detractors and enemies of its struggle, urging members and general… In "News" The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has announced the sack of its Radio Biafra broadcaster, Simon Ekpa, for allegedly failing to adhere to laid-down rules of operation. Ekpa was recently appointed a director of Radio Biafra by IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu, after his arrest and current detention in Abuja, the… In "News" •Nnamdi Kanu  The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has declared Mondays a ghost day in the South-East with effect from Monday, August 9, 2021. The group said that Biafra land will be on lockdown every Monday from 6:00am to 6:00pm until its leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, who is currently in… In "Top Stories"