Former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode has reacted to the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine.  Fani-Kayode described Russia’s attack on Ukraine as the beginning, saying the world should be prepared for what will happen in the next few weeks. In a tweet, the former Minister said the world is closer to the final confrontation between NATO, Russia, China, and other world powers. According to Fani-Kayode: “The Russians have invaded Ukraine. It finally begins.“We are one step closer to the final confrontation between NATO on the one hand and Russia and China on the other.“The world needs to brace itself for what will unfold over the next few months. May God help us all.” Ukraine has been attacked by Russia through multiple borders, Ukrainian State border service reports. It said the attacks are targeting border units, border patrols and checkpoints using artillery, heavy equipment and small arms. The service added that Ukraine’s border guards, along with Ukraine’s Armed Forces and National Guard, are firing back and its air force shut down five Russian planes and several attack helicopters.  source BRUSSELS/DONETSK (Reuters) - NATO said on Monday there was a "high probability" that Russia could launch an invasion of Ukraine, where the government said its troops have been closing in on Donetsk, the main city held by pro-Russian rebels. Kiev said it was in the "final stages" of recapturing Donetsk,… In "Foreign" The United States and Russia are set to hold much-anticipated talks in January on European security and the Ukraine conflict after Moscow listed demands including to end NATO’s expansion. A spokesperson for the US National Security Council told AFP on condition of anonymity that the talks with Russia will take… In "Foreign" Nigerians love travel and adventure. But Ukraine and its forbiddingly cold capital, Kiev, wasn’t a favourite destination for many years. That is until Pastor Sunday Adelaja of the Embassy of the Blessed Kingdom of God for All Nations, fired the public’s imagination with his evangelical-charismatic brand of the gospel. The… In "Opinion"