A doctor in Benue state has been accused of removing the ovaries of an 18-year-old girl, Dooyum Lanna,  during an operation to remove her appendix. SaharaReporters reports that Dooyum who first had her menstruation at the age of 14, started experiencing abdominal pain each time her period came by the time she was 16 in May 2019. Worried about the situation, her father, 72-year-old Kparevfa Lanna, took her to an acclaimed medical doctor named Agber Kwende in the Gaav Konshisha Local Government Area of Benue State, for immediate treatment. Sadly, the events that soon followed compounded their misery as the doctor allegedly removed the girl’s ovaries and damaged other vital organs in her reproductive system, leaving her with a bigger crisis to deal with after that period. More than two years after that terrible experience, Dooyum , who is a Senior Secondary School 1 pupil of Rose Asase College, Gboko East, Benue State, has been experiencing the absence of menstruation and constantly falling ill. Recent diagnosis and scans revealed that her fallopian tube was already shrinking, an indication that she may never be able to conceive. “I feel sick all the time. Apart from headache, I still experience abdominal pain. My education has been affected also. I feel sad all the time. I cannot have kids in the future, so what is my essence in life. I feel like ending it,” she said Since that period, the police have not been clear on the way forward. We want justice for our daughter. Her future has been affected, she must be compensated for what the man did to her” he said When contacted by our correspondent, the doctor, Kwende, refused to comment on the issue. Though a formal complaint was lodged at the Gboko Central Police Station, the state command had yet to initiate an investigation into the issue.     A teenage girl who was sexually assaulted inside IDP camp has given birth to a baby.  The little girl gave birth at a hospital A 10-year-old orphan was dumped at a hospital in Benue state while experiencing labour pains and the child has now given birth after having to undergo Caesarean… In "Entertainment" By Yemi Itodo A 54-year old Susan Okpe, who was said to be the Benue index case of Corona Virus, has cried on President Muhammad Buhari of Nigeria and the British Government, to evacuate her from Benue state. Governor of Benue State, Dr. Samuel Ortom had on Saturday, 28th March,… In "News" •Josephine Cynthia Inalegwu Onche ABUJA - Almost two years after she went missing, the decomposed corpse of a female officer with the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), Josephine Cynthia Inalegwu Onche has been found in a shallow grave in Obi Local Government Area of Benue State. It was… In "Metro"