Igbo Women Forum, a political group, says it will mobilise at least 25 million votes for Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi in the 2023 Presidential election. The group stated this in a statement by its President, Mrs Uju Obi, in Abuja on Sunday. She said to achieve this, the group would be holding “a mother of all rallies in Abuja”, to declare their support for Bello. While extolling the virtues of the governor, Obi said that among Bello’s priorities is Nigeria’s unity and security. “Bello has shown the capacity to quell the rising tide of terrorism, kidnapping, and other criminal vices across the nation. “Another trait that stands out for the Kogi Governor is his national appeal as he is loved by most Nigerians – irrespective of religion, tribe, and ethnicity. “This isn’t surprising, as Bello has carried everyone along in his government, not minding the usual sentiments,” Obi said. She noted that at 46 years, Bello would represent a paradigm shift from the era of “old and tired rulers. “Bello isn’t just a youth, he has proved his mettle at the highest level and will need little time to hit the ground running”. Obi, however, urged the All Progressives Congress (APC) to forfeit the mooted idea of zoning its presidential ticket to the south. She assured that the group would rally around all the Igbo contestants, especially the delegates, to shun ethnic sentiment and support the best man for the job Some political and religious leaders from Kano State have assured Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi of their support in the upcoming 2023 general elections. The leaders told Bello in Abuja on Sunday that they have seen him a capable hand to fix Nigeria. The group pledged their loyalty when they… In "News" Threat To Igbos: Bello Assures Igbos Of Their Security In Kogi In "News" Apex Igbo sociocultural group Ohanaeze Ndigbo on Monday slammed Kogi Governor Yahaya Bello for saying that rotational presidency is “unconstitutional”. The Governor, who spoke at the maiden edition of the Governor Yahaya Bello seminar for political and crime correspondents in Abuja on Friday, argued: “Nigerians should be allowed to make… In "News"