Media mogul Mo Abudu has explained why she opted out of her marriage, noting she and her ex-husband, Tokunbo, are still friends. The film producer, according to The Nation, revealed this in an interview with media personality, Chude Jideonwo. Abudu said: “I don’t think that because you have decided to separate from your ex means that they were a bad human being, no. Tokunbo Abudu, I’ll say it till tomorrow, is a good father. He remains a good friend of mine. “That’s the most important thing in our relationship and we have two children together. My children love their father and they love me, they don’t need to pick, they don’t need to say ‘is it mummy or daddy.” Continuing, she said: “When my son graduated, we were both there. When it was Temidayo’s wedding, we planned it together, we were both there. I’m not saying that some relationships can’t end badly and then there could be bitterness. “But there wasn’t. There was no bitterness in our relationship. It didn’t work, it didn’t work, and that’s it. We are good friends.” However, when asked why she separated despite being good friends with her ex-husband, Abudu responded: “It didn’t work because there are other things that make up a relationship outside of just being friends. There were so many other things in the equation at the time.”       In a few months, celebrated talkshow hostess and founder of Ebony Life TV, Mosunmola Abudu, would clock 50. It is a milestone. And for this beautiful success story, there would be no inhibitions about the celebrations that would follow. We gathered that friends of Mo’, as she is widely known,… In "Style" By Anita Eboigbe Abuja - Nigerians on Twitter have continued to share diverse, ‘hot’ reactions on the trending issue between Nobel laureate, Wole Soyinka and a fellow aircraft passenger. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the debate began after entrepreneur, Tonye Cole revealed that a young man refused to… In "News" By Sharon Obi Abuja -   Some Abuja residents have reacted differently on the issue of a friend getting married to an ex-boyfriend or girlfriend. The residents, who spoke in separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja on Thursday, were responding to whether it was morally… In "Metro"