The Concerned Northern APC Youth Forum has declared its support for the Ebonyi state governor, Engr David Umahi, for the office of the President of Nigeria come 2023. The Forum made this call in a press conference in Abuja on Tuesday, explaining that the choice was made after due consultation of the entire 19 northern states on the need for a South East president. The Chairman of the Concerned Northern APC Youth Forum, Hon Suleiman Liba, delivering a statement reiterated that the party’s activities especially during the coming convention must reflect the wish of the people, adding that the APC must stick to the plan and ensure that the party gets it right through internal party democracy since true democratic tenets entail that a few may have their say but the majority should prevail. He said, “We commend the readiness and resolves of the masses, especially within the northern part of the country to participate massively in the electioneering process through to 2023. “More impressively is the understanding of the people that justice, fairness and equity must come to play in choosing and electing the next president of Nigeria. “It is very surprising how they have conducted their due diligence and have drawn conclusions that power should shift to the South and the South East in particular because according to them, in Engr David Nweze Umahi, they have found a worthy successor to President Muhammadu Buhari come 2024, the man’s antecedents of excellence speak volume and his achievement in Ebonyi state are there for everyone to see. “On the basis of the above, the Concerned Northern APC Youth Forum further throws her weight behind the candidature of Engr David Nweze Umahi for President, as it reflects the wish of the people especially from the North where we carried out a very successful consultation tour.” Liba therefore urged other bodies across the country to join in the support for David Umahi as this is the sure way for Nigeria to go. He also encouraged Nigerians to grab the ongoing opportunity to ensure that those within voting age get registered and get their PVCs, adding the PVC is the power to ensure that the voice of the masses is heard. ...As Ohanaeze Youths Fault 30-day Ultimatum by Northern Youths  Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Archbishop of Enugu Ecclesiastical Province (Anglican Communion), Most Rev. Emmanuel Chukwuma, has debunked an allegation that some governors of the South-east geo-political zone have secretly allocated lands to herders for RUGA settlement, stressing that none of… In "News" Power brokers across the country have no doubt been engaged in a silent battle and permutations across the political spectrum for a while. The calculations within the political parties are struggles by the respective political parties to position their platforms for victory during the next general elections. The recent remarks… In "News" The Arewa Youths Consultative Forum, AYCF, has stated that the North will not cede the presidency in 2023 to the South. According to Vanguard, the President of the AYCF, Shettima Yerima made this known in an interview on Tuesday. Yerima said it irritates the entire North for some southern politicians… In "News"