ILE-IFE – Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile-Ife, on Friday issued a query to the owner of BVER, a private hostel on the campus of the institution, where a 100 level student, Ajibola Heritage, lost her life after accidentally falling into a septic tank. This was disclosed in a press statement by the Public Relations Officer of the university, Abiodun Olarewaju, who stated that the hostel isn’t owned by the university management and the school only carries oversight functions on these private hostels. The statement partly read, “The owner of the private hostel, BVER, where the incidence occurred has been issued a query by the University Management and his response is being awaited. “It must be noted that all the hostels in the students’ village are privately owned and they are not under the control of the University. The University Management presently has only oversight functions on these private hostels,” it said. Olarewaju further revealed that Criminal Investigation Department of the Osun State Command of the Nigeria Police Force, has taken over the investigation into the circumstances that led to the death of the student.(Daily Independent) Tragedy struck at the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, when one of its students, Ajibola Heritage Ayomikun, died after falling into a soakaway at one of the private hostels in the Students Village. The institution’s Public Relations Officer, Abiodun Olarewaju, who confirmed the incident via a statement issued on Wednesday,… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Management of the Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile – Ife, has said Opeyemi DARA, the 400-Level student who committed suicide was not doing poorly academically. In a statement by the Public Relations Officer of the University, Abiodun Olarewaju on the death, the university noted that Opeyemi’s… In "News" By Victor Adeoti Ile-Ife (Osun) - The management of Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile-Ife, has described the poisoning of its dam by suspected hoodlums as an act of genocide against members of the institution. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that some aggrieved indigenes of Ile-Ife, who claimed ownership… In "News"