ABUJA – As Political parties launch subtle campaigns ahead of the 2023 general elections, former Director-General of the Progressive Governors Forum (PGF ) Salihu Mohd Lukman has accused the All Progressives Congress (APC) government and especially the leadership of the party of culpability in the widespread notion that the APC administration is a failure. He observed that the party and even the government has been reactive, passive and tepid in responding to the alleged failure of the administration of President Mohammadu Buhari even in the face of glaring achievement of the administration in less than seven years. Flagging off what he says is a bi-weekly briefing aimed at responding to the alleged failure of the Government vis-a-vis the performance of the Peoples Democratic Party in 16 years, Lukman said the facts on the ground do not support the allegation. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS THE UNIQUE WAY TO PERMANENTLY CURE WEAK ERECTION, SMALL AND SHAMEFUL MANHOOD AND INFERTILITY ISSUES WITHOUT SIDE-EFFECTS WITHIN A SHORT PERIOD. CLICK NOW TO SEE! VDO.AIHe said available evidence supports the fact that the administration has made laudable achievements in the area of agriculture, as evidenced by the grain pyramids that have emerged through the intervention of the Central Bank of Nigeria. Lukman who now addresses himself as a Freelance APC Campaigner maintained that the economy despite shakeups occasioned by low oil revenue earlier in the life of the administration and the global pandemic, have largely rebounded and has not shown signs of slowing down. He also noted that despite the issues raised around the increasing foreign and domestic loans during the life of the administration, Lukman Insists the loans are sustainable, and geared to revamp decaying Infrastructure. In the area where he said the opposition has been virulent in its attack, Lukman said the administration has made more investment to support the security Agencies. “The issues of insecurity in the country remained a major challenge. Some PDP leaders and their supporters have accused APC of failure to end the war against the Boko Haram insurgency in the North-East. POLL “With incidences of banditry in the North-West and North-Central producing more cases of kidnappings and abductions of citizens, including schoolchildren, the capacity of Nigerian security agencies to prevent and arrest criminal activities of rebellious groups in all parts of the country are legitimate concerns of all Nigerians. ” There is also the challenge of preventing or managing conflicts arising from activities of herdsmen, which have provoked all manner of conflicts between Fulani herdsmen and other citizens, especially farmers, across every part of the country. Criminal activities associated with herdsmen also increased incidences of banditry, kidnappings and abductions of citizens. “The narrative promoted by the Peoples’ Democratic Party (PDP) and their supporters, is that challenges of insecurity facing the country are a confirmation that President Buhari and APC have failed Nigerians. “Citing campaign promises of APC in 2015, undertaking to end insecurity, fight corruption and build the economy, problems of insecurity in the country is being used to mobilise Nigerians against the APC and President Buhari. Part of the politics is also aimed at mobilizing support to defeat APC in the 2023 elections. Divisive politics of ethnicity and religion are important elements of the campaigns. Consequently, there appears to be some disconnect between politics and the need to unite Nigerians to work together to address the nation’s security challenges. Opposition politicians and their supporters are unreceptive to efforts to mobilise Nigerians to forge strong national unity towards ending insecurity in the country. ” It is therefore a good mark of leadership, notwithstanding the desperate grandstanding politics for 2023 by PDP and their supporters, for President Buhari to acknowledge that Nigeria is passing through a period of momentous challenges. ” No doubt President Buhari is not in denial about Nigeria’s security challenges. Acknowledging the challenges is indicative of the commitment of President Buhari and by extension APC leaders to end the problem of insecurity facing the country. “Since 2015, under the leadership of President Buhari, APC controlled Federal Government has rolled out several initiatives to deliver on their campaign promises targeted at strengthening Nigeria’s public service institutions. Significant progress has been achieved. ” A major gap being exploited by the opposition against APC and the Federal Government is that official communication both from APC and the Federal Government is passive and reactive. Efforts to engage Nigerians to secure citizens’ ownership of policy initiatives are quite low. “Consequently, political opposition in the country is succeeding in taking good advantage of this reality to unfairly portray both APC and President Buhari in bad light partly because of the domineering influence of the negative publicity by opposition politicians against APC, unfortunate activities of armed bandits, insurgents and criminal elements in the country are mischievously being presented as confirmation of the failure of APC led Federal Government. “False narrative against APC and President Buhari are being promoted, suggesting that criminal activities of bandits only started when APC took control of the Federal Government in 2015. In addition, APC is being alleged to have failed in ending the Boko Haram insurgency. “Any objective analyst would recall that as at 2015, activities of Boko Haram insurgents, apart from controlling most parts of the North-East, had spread to parts of North-West and North-Central, notably Kano, Kaduna, FCT, Niger, Kogi and Nasarawa. In both North-West and North-Central regions, problems of cattle rustling were rampant before 2015. Kidnapping was also there in many parts of the South-South and South-East.” he said The Progressive Governors Forum (PGF), has faulted claim by Prof. Attahiru Jega, former INEC chairman, that the two major parties in the country have failed Nigerians. Dr Salihu Lukman, Director-General, PGF, said this in a statement on Monday in Abuja. Jega had in a BBC Hausa Service interview on Aug.… In "Politics" Less than 24 hours after the meeting of former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, with some leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) became public, strong opposition has emerged against his possible return to the party. Director General of the Progressive Governors’ Forum (PGF) Salihu Lukman on Tuesday… In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Adams Oshiomhole has come under severe pressure from the Progressives Governors Forum who has asked him to resign if he fails to convene a National Executive Council (NEC) meeting to address the party’s challenges. “It is either… In "News"