The state Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Chika Nwoba, who was arrested by the police in January 2022 has now spent one month in detention.  A former Senate President, Bukola Saraki, has also expressed disappointment over Nwoba’s detention, who was arrested on a “flimsy excuse of circulating false information” and thereafter detained for more than a month without fair hearing.This was made known in a statement released by Saraki’s media office, describing the arrest carried out by the state security group called Ebubeagu before the intervention of the police as an assault on the country’s democracy.The former Senate President stated that a situation where a citizen was suddenly seized and beaten to a stupor before being detained in the police station for several weeks did not speak well for the nation’s democracy.“The remand in police cell of Mr Nwoba, the PDP Publicity Secretary in Ebonyi State, is of great concern. It is really disappointing that injustice has transcended every facet of our country.“The gentleman deserves the right to fair hearing under the law. He has been remanded for more than a month after being arrested under a situation which started like he was being kidnapped.“Since then, he has been prevented from meeting any member of his family. Anyway, my sympathy goes out to his wife and kids who must be going through a tough time at the moment.“Mr Nwoba is a dutiful member of our great party, PDP, and he is paying the price of speaking truth to power. Without any doubt, this is another concerted effort to silence the opposition and undermine democracy.“This act of injustice being promoted and foisted by those in power in Ebonyi State is nothing but an assault on our democracy and our collective freedom as citizens of this country because an injury to one is an injury to all. This is a time for every well meaning Nigerian and most especially the leaders of our party, the PDP, to stand up and Stand with one of our own.“We all need to save our nation from the misfortune wreaked by injustice and miscarriage of justice. It is important to note that the case is presently in a Magistrate court and we sincerely hope justice will be dispensed promptly and without any delay,” Saraki stated.  Source The Publicity Secretary of the People’s Democratic Party, PDP, Chike Nwoba has been remanded by a Magistrate Court sitting in Abakaliki, Ebonyi State on Thursday. Nwoba is in police custody for allegedly publishing materials against the member representing Ezza/Ikwo federal constituency, Chinedu Oga on Facebook. It was gathered that the… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja ( Sundiata Post) - Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has decried attempt by the President Buhari’s government to hound, harass, intimidate and suppress its members into submission by clamping them into detention without charges, saying it remains irrepressible and will not bow to any tyranny. The party… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), has finally decided to arraign the National Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Chief Olisa Metuh, after more than one week of being detained in their custody. Sundiata Post gathered on Wednesday that Metuh who was picked… In "News"