The lone occupant of a Saloon Optima KIA on Thursday evening escaped death by the whiskers after his car somersaulted and landed inside Jabi Lake, Abuja. The car was said to have swerved off the ever-busy Shehu Yar’Adua bridge, opposite Jabi Lake Mall. Head Public Relations of the Federal Capital Territory FCT Emergency Management Agency FEMA, Nkechi Isa who confirmed the incident in a statement Friday evening She said personnel of the Federal Road Safety Corps FRSC were on hand to remove the vehicle from the lake. She said; “An unidentified driver of a Saloon Optima KIA vehicle has escaped unhurt after his vehicle fell off the busy Shehu Yar Adua bridge, opposite the Jabi Lake Mall, Abuja yesterday evening. “The driver was the lone occupant of the vehicle contrary to reports on social media. The vehicle missed the Jabi Lake by a few inches. “Recovery of the accident vehicle is ongoing by a joint operation involving, the Federal Road Safety Corps, (FRSC), Directorate of Road Traffic Services,(VIO), the Nigeria Police Force and FEMA”. By Abiodun Lawal ABEOKUTA - A yet-to-be-identified driver has been reported missing after the vehicle he was driving plunged into Osasa River on the Sagamu-Benin expressway on Saturday. Mr Clement Oladele, the Sector Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in Ogun, confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria… In "Metro" Abuja- Three people sustained various degrees of injury in two vehicular accidents in the early hours of Thursday on Abuja Airport Road, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports The accidents occurred at Pyakasa Junction, opposite Obasanjo Space Centre and Dantata Fly Over Bridge near Nigeria Judiciary Institute. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"]… In "News" AWKA -  Former Anambra factional Chairman of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), Chief Egwuoyibo Okoye, on Friday night escaped death following a fatal road crash. Okoye was involved in the accident with his Personal Assistant, Mr Nelson Amechi, which occurred at the Enugu-Anambra border along the Enugu-Onitsha Expressway. The… In "News"