Yemi Osinbajo, the Nigerian Vice President, has promised repentant Boko Haram members that the Federal Government would support them with a legitimate means of income.  Osinbajo said the legitimate means of income would help them start a new life.He spoke at the Hajj Camp in Maiduguri, on Thursday, during his working visit to the State to launch the MSME Clinic and inaugurate various projects executed by the Borno State government.Osinbajo also promised the repentant insurgents that government would provide them a place to stay, work, and carry out their legitimate business.He assured them that the Federal Government would take care of them in the best way possible.According to Osinbajo: “I am the chairman of the Presidential Committee and His Excellency Governor Zulum is the vice-chairman of the committee.“We will be working with you and the state government and other donor agencies and friends to ensure that we are able to provide you with a means of not just income but a place where you can settle down with your families and do your own work and do your own business.“But you must work patiently with us. We will make sure that we take care of you the best way we can by God’s grace. “  source ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Senate President, Dr. Abubakar Bukola Saraki, has given the Joint Senate Committee on Special Duties, Establishment and Public Service up till May 25  to complete work on the North-East Development Commission (NEDC) Bill and report back to the plenary. Saraki, who gave the charge while declaring open… In "Top Stories" By Rabiu Sani   Maiduguri -  The Centre for Democracy and Development (CDD) on Tuesday organized a town hall meeting to sensitise communities ravaged by Boko Haram insurgency to forgiveness, reconciliation and reintegration of repentant insurgents into the society. CDD’s Coordinator, Malam Musa Zarami, said the exercise was part of… In "News" ....As Masari, Tambuwal Seek Subvention for North-west govs to end banditry Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Nigerian Army yesterday asked Chairman of Senate Committee on Army, Senator Ali Ndume, to prove his claim that 847 soldiers had been lost to Boko Haram insurgency in the last six years. This is… In "Top Stories"