The Nigerian presidency has restated that President Muhammadu Buhari usually have at least 12 million votes waiting for him in different parts of the country before elections due to numerous followers.  A statement by Mr Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to President Buhari on Media and Publicity said the President enjoys such love from electorates following his good gesture towards poor and vulnerable Nigerians.According to Adesina, President Buhari has several programmes that touch the lives of millions of Nigerians, including the Internally Displaced Persons, IDPs, in various camps across the country.He said, “It is often said that the man already has at least 12 million votes waiting for him in different parts of the country before the first ballot is cast in general elections. The poor and the vulnerable constitute this large army of voters. They swarm round him, as bees do to the honeypot.“There is distribution of food and non-food items to the poor and vulnerable across the country, collaboration with States to return and resettle IDPs in their communities of origin, and cooperation with National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP) on routine repatriation of Nigerians stranded abroad. About 17,242 of such cases have been handled.“Now you know why President Buhari always has that standby 12 million votes. He cares for the poor and lowly. Whence comest another? They don’t seem to make them like this anymore”.  source By Ismaila Chafe Abuja -   Presidential spokesman Femi Adesina has described as a `misquote’ the report that President Muhammadu Buhari had pledged only one term presidency and will never seek re-election in view of his age status. President Buhari, 75, had on Monday shortly before he left for London,… In "Top Stories" The Presidency on Thursday said the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), essentially considered “food security” and the “power problem” in the country before “relieving” the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Mohammed Nanono; and his Power counterpart, Sale Mamman. According to the Special Adviser to President on Media and… In "News" ABUJA - A coalition of women, youths and persons with disability in the Federal Capital [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"]Territory (FCT) on Saturday announced support for the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the forthcoming elections. They said, at a rally in support of APC’s presidential candidate, Gen. Muhammadu Buhari, in Abuja that the… In "News"