Abuja – Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, on Monday, declared that Nigeria is bleeding, calling on the Peoples Democratic Party to unite and rescue the country from the ruling All Progressives Congress in 2023. Wike, who spoke in Kaduna while on a visit to former governor of the state, Senator Ahmed Makarfi, insisted that Nigerians are now tired and are waiting for the PDP to take over power. The governor said he was not on political trip to the state but to see his leader (Makarfi) who had been out of the country on health grounds. Wike called on party members to be united ahead of the battle to wrest power from the ruling party in 2023, saying that Nigerians won’t forgive the PDP if it failed to rescue the country. The governor said, “I want to urge all of you, in every family, there are bound to be problems, put yourselves together. “Nigeria is bleeding and if we are not united, Nigeria will not forgive us because every Nigerian is hoping that the PDP must come and stop this bleeding. “The issue at stake now is not who wants to run for presidency or where to zone presidency. The issue now is that all party members must be united because, if you like, zone president to the West, if you are not united, you cannot achieve anything. “The most important thing now is the unity of the party; forgive anybody who may have gone astray, bring back everybody and use you leadership qualities to forgive.” Wike assured stakeholders of his support whenever it is needed to move the party forward as the PDP is the only party in the country which has hope adding, “the All Progressive Congress has finished Nigeria, they no longer have new ideas and if they had ideas, they did not use it.” In his response, Makarfi agreed with the governor that Nigerians would be disappointed with the PDP if it failed to rescue the country in 2023. The former governor said, “I absolutely believe that with the same energy and perseverance we can do it again. If there is no party, what is the point of your ticket? Therefore, we have to build the party first, we have to be united and when a consensus is decided, we should all have one voice. “I agree with you that we will be disappointing Nigerians if we do not come together and take over power to recover Nigeria for Nigerians.” Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Ezenwo Wike, has described Nigeria as a nation bleeding and desperately in need of rescue from the shackles of the All Progressives Congress, APC. The governor said the precarious state of the Nigerian State, requires all well-meaning Nigerians, particularly members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP)… In "News" Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State, has said that Nigerians are patiently waiting to get rid of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC in 2023 general elections, adding that the country needed positive change. He, similarly, called for unity, within the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP fold in order to forge… In "Politics" Gov. Douye Diri of Bayelsa and his Rivers counterpart, Gov. Nyesom Wike, have predicted victory for the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2023 presidential election.Both governors spoke on Monday when Wike visited Diri at the Government House in Yenagoa.According to Diri, only PDP can rescue Nigeria from insecurity… In "Politics"