Nigeria’s senior women’s team, Super Falcons, were early Thursday morning detained for four hours by the officials of the Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC) on their arrival from Cote d’Ivoire. The incident happened mere hours after the team qualified Nigeria for her 12th Africa Women Nations Cup (AWCON ) appearance with a 1-0 victory ( 3-0) on aggregate defeat of the Lady Elephants of Cote d’Ivoire in Abidjan Wednesday. Nigerians can now work and earn dollars DAILY from home. Regular individuals can earn as low as $300 daily Find out how it works.The players and officials arrived the Nnamdi Azikiwe International airport by 12:30 am Nigerian time, but were held hostage by the NCDC officials who demanded for fresh COVID- 19 tests. Confirming the embarrassing incident to Daily Sun Sports, an official to the team disclosed that were held for four hours by the officials despite showing their COVID-19 vaccination cards. In a viral video, some of the tired players were seen crying, while some were lying on the airport floor. Super Falcons coach Randy Waldrum could not hide his anger either as he described the whole situation as frustrating and complete “nonsense”. ‘This is very frustrating, we had a two-hour flight from Ivory Coast and we have been in this room for almost two and a half hours,’ he said. ‘It is very frustrating to come back home and the players have to go through this. This is nonsense, all these COVID rules… we have already taken the test multiple times to be able to play the game, so I don’t really understand it, but it is very frustrating.’ This is a new low for the ladies, being detained unlawfully in their own country, but it isn’t the first time the Super Falcons have faced embarrassment while on international duty. In 2019, the Super Falcons were verbally attacked by a Nigerian man while they made use of a public train in Vienna, Austria. By Abujah Racheal ABUJA - The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has called on Nigerians to take preventive measures against the Coronavirus during the Eid-el-Kabir celebrations as the country recorded 481 new infections. The NCDC made this known on its official twitter handle on Thursday. The health agency said that… In "Top Stories" LAGOS - Some ex-internationals on Sunday urged the Nigeria Football Association (NFA) to arrange top friendly matches to keep the Super Falcons in form for the 2015 World Cup in Canada. They told The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in separate interviews that the team had performed well throughout the… In "Sports" Ilorin  -  The Super Falcons have moved into the second round of the qualifiers for the 2016 Africa Women Cup of Nations scheduled for October in Cameroon and tagged ``Cameroon 2016’’. The draw for qualifiers for the 10th edition of the competition hitherto known as the ``African Women Championship (AWC)’’… In "Sports"