IWO, Osun State – The Oluwo of Iwoland, Oba Abdulrasheed Akanbi, has denied requesting a sum of N20 million from the to finance his wedding ceremony. The press secretary to Oluwo’s Palace, Alli Ibraheem describded the letter as fake, stating that the monarch did not author the letter as it was the handiwork of mischief makers. The statement reads, “We read with total dismay a letter purportedly said to have emanated from the palace of Oluwo of Iwoland seeking financial assistance on his personal affairs, wedding. “While we commend the enlightened public for their sense of fair judgment, we want to categorically state that the letter is fake and did not emanate from the palace of Oluwo. The said letter lacks the basic in-house style of Oluwo’s palace correspondence. Oluwo always appends his personal signature while writing the government. “Equally, the font in the letter is not our official style. At the said date on the letter, Oluwo was not in the state up till now. And his secretary has no audacity, whatsoever, to sign on behalf of His Majesty while communicating with the government. “The letter was orchestrated by mischievous people whose mission is to discredit the palace. Marriage is a personal affair; there is no marriage venture too big for Oluwo to finance on his own. Those circulating such should exercise caution. The Queen is coming but not in the haste of the public demand.” The Osun State Government through its Commissioner of Information and Civic Orientation, Funke Egbemode, described the letter as a failed attempt by “mischief makers to bring the governor and the government on a collision course with the citizens”. The commissioner emphasised that the state government would not be disturbed or distracted by the noise of political miscreants whose only job is to grab their phones, get on social media every morning to cause “bad blood”, advising the people to ignore all attempts targeted at maligning the governor. It will be recalled that a letter had been in circulation on social media within the week, purportedly from the palace of Oluwo of Iwoland seeking financial assistance from the governor for the traditional ruler’s marriage to a daughter of the Emir of Kano, Ado Bayero. Abdulrasheed Akanbi, the Oluwo of Iwo land in Osun State, has requested the support of the state government financially and logistically for his upcoming marriage to an unnamed princess from Kano State. According to a letter obtained by SaharaReporters on Friday, dated February 8, 2022, addressed to Governor Gboyega Oyetola,… In "News" Oba Abdul-Rasheed Akanbi If there was dividend for controversy, the stock of the Oluwo of Iwo, Oba Abdul-Rasheed Akanbi, would be perhaps the most bullish among investors in royalty, coming next in demand to that of the Emir of Kano, Sanusi Lamido Sanusi. The Oluwo of Iwo cannot help staying… In "Opinion" Oba Abdurosheed Adewale Akanbi Telu 1 and Ms Chanel Chin The Oluwo of Iwo land, Oba Abdurosheed Adewale Akanbi Telu I has divorced with his Canadian-indigene queen, Mrs Chanel Chin. In a statement by the chief press secretary to Oluwo Palace, Alli Ibraheem, the monarch said Chanel has ceased to… In "Metro"