The Nigerian community, under the aegis of Nigeria Union South Africa, reiterated its call on the South African and Nigerian governments to stop extra-judicial killings in the country. According to a statement from Pretoria by Mr Collins Mgbo, President of NUSA, two Nigerians were allegedly killed as South Africans attacked foreign nationals over drugs. “Following the killing of two Nigerians as South Africans attacked foreign nationals, we call on the governments of both countries to stop extra-judicial killings in South Africa. “Two of our members were killed in Vereeniging, near Johannesburg, by members of the community at a Taxi Rank; the people had alleged the foreigners were involved in drug dealings. “Nigeria Union condemns unequivocally any form of criminal activity by Nigerians in South Africa, but calls on the governments, especially the Consul General of Nigeria to South Africa, to intervene in the matter. “We do not condone crime but justice must be served by the court of law should anyone be found guilty of any criminal act,” Mgbo said. He noted that Vereeniging had become one of the most dangerous and unsafe places in the Vaal Triangle, as it has become notorious for drug dealing and robbery.  (Punch)      The Nigerian Union in South Africa clarified on Thursday that the 14 Nigerians being held in detention in Rustenburg, South Africa since last February were not being held for drug-related offenses. The Assistant General Secretary of the union, Mr. Collins Mgbo, gave the clarification in a telephone interview with the… In "Foreign" By Eric Ikhilae The killing of a senior government official in her hotel room in South Africa has reignited calls for stiffer measures against the country and its interests in Nigeria, writes Eric Ikhilae. The yet-to-be explained death, in the earlier hours of June 13, of another Nigerian in South… In "Features" Isaac Aregbesola Abuja -  Abike Dabiri-Erewa, Senior Special Assistant to the President on Foreign Affairs and Diaspora, has condemned the further extra judicial killings of Nigerians living in South Africa. This is contained in a statement by her Special Assistant on Media, Abdurrahman Balogun, released on Saturday in Abuja. Dabiri-Erewa… In "News"