The Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesol’s convoy has been accused of shooting sporadically without any provocation by the Osun state police command in Osogbo.  Publicity Secretary of a faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state, Abiodun Agboola had claimed that Mr Aregbesola’s convoy was attacked by some armed political thugs at Orisunmibare, Osogbo, while coming from Ilesa.The police command’s spokesperson, Yemisi Opalola however said in a statement released on Monday February 14, that it was some of the minister’s escorts that shot into the air without provocation, causing people to scramble for safety.Opalola said;“Today, Monday, at about 5.40 p.m., the Minister of Interior, Mr Rauf Aregbesola was moving in a convoy of personnel of NSCDC, Correctional Service, Immigration, as well as some unidentified armed people, suspected to be political thugs along Orisumbare/MFS Road, Osogbo.“Suddenly, some of the security escorts of the minister started shooting sporadically into the air without any provocation nor attack, thereby causing members of the public to scramble for their safety.“Thirteen empty shells of G-3, assault and AK-37 rifle were recovered along the road after the minister’s departure.“No casualty, however, was recorded”Noting that details of the incident is still sketchy, the police spokesperson added that a full report would be made available at the end of the investigation.While at Ilesa, Aregbesola publicly slammed his longtime political associates. He accused APC National Leader, Bola Tinubu of betraying him even though he trusted him and was also loyal to him.Insisting that that politics of godfatherism and enthronement by treacherous leaders who equate themselves to the status of a god should be stamped out, he accused Tinubu and former APC interim chairman and ex-governor of Osun State, Bisi Akande, of foisting the current governor of the state, Gboyega Oyetola, on the people, against popular will.Alleging that Oyetola who took over from him after governing the state for 8 years has not consolidated on his eight-year achievements, he pointed out that ex-governor of Lagos State, Akinwunmi Ambode, was rejected by APC members in 2019 for working against the laid down rules.  Source The Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola was on Monday attacked by unknown gunmen who shot at his convoy. It happened during a roadshow he conducted in Osogbo, the Osun State capital. DailyPost reported that the gun-wielding hoodlums, suspected to be political thugs, waylaid his convoy and started shooting in a… In "News" Suspected armed thugs on Thursday attacked the campaign office of the Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola, in Osogbo. A Correspondent of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), who visited the building, popularly known as “Oranmiyan House”, located along ever busy Gbongan-Ibadan road in Osogbo, reports that empty bullet shells were… In "Politics" THE elders caucus of the Osun State chapter of the All Progressives Congress, on Wednesday, enjoined stakeholders to avoid utterances capable of generating disaffection. This intervention is coming on the heels of a statement made by the Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola. He, while revalidating his party membership at his… In "Politics"