ABUJA – The National Chairman of the Action Democratic Party (ADP), Mr. Yabagi Yusuf Sani, has pledged that the party would contest the forthcoming Ekiti State governorship election as a united party and work towards the victory of its candidate, Mrs Kemi Elebute-Halle.Mrs Elebute-Halle had won the gubernatorial primary election held recently in Ado-Ekiti, the state capital.Yusuf Sani spoke in Abuja when led other National Working Committee members to present the Certificate of Return to Mrs Kemi Elebute-Halle. At an impressive ceremony held on Monday at the party’s national headquarters, the party’s national chairman congratulated Mrs Elebute-Halle and assured her of the party’s total support towards her success at the June governorship poll. Responding, Mrs Kemi Elebute-Halle thanked the leadership of the party and assured that she would leave no stone unturned to ensure she brings glory to the party by winning the forthcoming elections. Present at the presentation ceremony were ither national officers of the party including Dr. Alex Maiyanga, Chairman National Convention Planning Committee; Mr. Kelechi Nwaiwu, Secretary, National Convention Planning Committee and Mrs Marikana Ibiang, Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the party.Also present were Chief Omole Agboworin, Chairman Contacts, Mobilisation and Registration Committee of the ADP, Otunba Haim Halle, the candidate’s significant other and several other party faithfuls from Ekiti State. By Abiemwense Moru   Abuja    -         Ahead of the 2019 General Elections, the Action Democratic Party (ADP) on Sunday elected Yabagi Yusuf Sani as its Presidential candidate. Sani would contest the election against incumbent President Muhammadu Buhari of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Sani emerged… In "Politics" Ado Ekiti -  The National Committee Chairman for the Primary Election of the Action Democratic Party, (ADP) in Ekiti, Mr Umaru Yakubu has declared Mr Segun Adewale as the governorship candidate of the party for the July 14 election in the state. Yakubu, who is also the National Vice Chairman… In "Politics" Ado Ekiti   -     The National Committee Chairman for the Primary Election of the Action Democratic Party, (ADP) in Ekiti, Mr Umaru Yakubu has declared Mr Segun Adewale as the governorship candidate of the party for the July 14 election in the state. Yakubu, who is also the National Vice Chairman… In "Politics"