Justice Abiola Soladoye of a Lagos Domestic Violence and Sexual Offences Court, yesterday, sentenced a school driver, Abiodun Matthew to life imprisonment for defiling a pupil of University of Lagos Women Society Nursery and Primary School, Akoka, Yaba. The state government had charged Matthew; a 39-year-old school driver for sexual assault on a four-year-old pupil of the school. The prosecutor, Olusola Soneye, Olufunke Adegoke and Abimbola Abolade had told the court that the convict committed the offence in March 23, 2019, by penetrating her vagina with his finger. Delivering judgment, the Judge said the prosecution proved its case beyond reasonable doubt. The judge held that, the evidence of the prosecution witness proved the case against the convict beyond reasonable doubt, adding that the defendant’s defence of alibi does not fly. Justice Soladoye said: “Defendant’s claim that he was elsewhere when the act occurred, is false as he was busy fiddling with the private part of the victim. The defendant having been found guilty as charged under Section 261 of the Criminal Laws of Lagos State, is hereby sentenced to Life Imprisonment with no option of fine. His name is to be entered into the Sexual Offenders Register maintained by the Lagos State Government.” A 23-year-old security guard identified as Blessing Okon has been sentenced to life imprisonment by Justice Abiola Soladoye of an Ikeja Domestic Violence and Sexual Offences Court on Monday for having unlawful carnal knowledge of a 14-year-old student. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that in convicting Okon, Soladoye… In "Features" By Moji Eniola Ikeja - A 36-year-old driver, Matthew Abiodun, was on Wednesday remanded at a correctional facility by an Ikeja Sexual Offences and Domestic Violence Court  for allegedly sexually assaulting a four-year-old pupil in a school in Lagos. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Abiodun,  a resident… In "News" Ado-Ekiti  -  An Ado-Ekiti High Court on Tuesday sentenced a school proprietor, Ibitoye Babatunde to 10 years imprisonment for raping a 10-year-old girl. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the convict is the proprietor of God is Great Nursery and Primary school, Ado-Ekiti. In his judgment, Justice Mosun… In "Metro"