“Whom have I in heaven but You? And there is none upon earth that I desire besides You (Psalm 73:25 – NKJV). There is a saying that, “the sky is your limit,” but I’d rather say, “you can go beyond the sky.” Those who thirst after God can go beyond the sky! It is not for nothing the Bible ends on this note: “Let the one who is thirsty come; let the one who desires take the water of life without price,” (Revelation 22:17). God beckons on all who thirst to come to Him and drink. The promise is for all. God is always willing to satisfy the yearning of those who thirst after Him. The question is where are the thirsty ones? God’s ability is not in question, but the availability of willing seekers. Who are the willing seekers? They are welcomed. The appetite for God should be the overriding desire of every believer. Unfortunately, our appetite is more after material things than for God. When it comes to having an insatiable appetite for God, David has no equal. In Psalm 42:1-2, he says: “As a deer pants for flowing streams, so pants my soul for you, O God. My soul thirsts for God, for the living God. When shall I come and appear before God?” Isaiah 55:1-3, reads, “Come, everyone who thirsts, come to the waters; and he who has no money, come, buy and eat! And I will make with you an everlasting covenant, my steadfast, sure love for David.” What is this everlasting covenant with David? It is the inclusion into the Davidic covenant. This means that I have the opportunity to be included in the Davidic covenant if I come to God in thirst. What David got; I will get in Christ Jesus. David’s anointing for conquest becomes ours in Christ through the Davidic covenant. The Davidic anointing is for the slaying of the giants of any generation. Giants abound in our generation strutting about like unconquerable Goliaths. But like Goliath of old, they will surely fall. Before Isaiah spoke, the Psalmist had highlighted the importance of thirsting after God and the blessings that follow early seekers. When David was in the wilderness of Judah, he said: “O God, you are my God; earnestly I seek you; my soul thirsts for you; my flesh faints for you, as in a dry and weary land where there is no water. So, I have looked upon you in the sanctuary, beholding your power and glory.” Again, in Psalm 84:2, he expressed: “My soul longs, yes, faints for the courts of the Lord; my heart and flesh sing for joy to the living God. Then in Psalm 143:5-6, he again said: “I remember the days of old; I meditate on all that you have done; I ponder the work of your hands. I stretch out my hands to you; my soul thirsts for you like a parched land.” Jesus himself said in the Beatitudes, Matthew 5:6: “Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they shall be satisfied.” The satisfaction of the hungry is God’s delight.” God welcomes the hungry into His presence while He shuns and sends the proud away. “He has filled the hungry with good things, and the rich he has sent away empty,” (Luke 1:53).God said to Israel, “And you will seek Me and find Me, when you search for Me with all your heart,” (Jeremiah 29:13 – NKJV). If we seek Him today, we shall find Him. By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan says henceforth the National Assembly (NASS) will ensure the passage of the nation’s appropriation bill within three months of its submission by the Executive arm of government. Lawan stated this known when he fielded questions from State House correspondents… In "Politics" •The late Tolulope Arotile When a pilot dies, the colleagues say he or she has gone to the hangar in the sky. Hangar is a place where aircraft are housed, but it was way, way too early for Nigeria’s first female helicopter fighter pilot, Tolulope Arotile, to go there. Not… In "Social Media Feeds" Title: Success Is Not Served A La Carte Author: Azuh ArinzePublisher: Yes International VenturesPages: 299Reviewer: Ayo Oyoze BajeCover price: N2,500 FOREWORD: In his illuminating foreword to this highly engaging, thought-provoking and greatly inspiring book, Mr. Olusegun Adeniyi, chairman of 'ThisDay' Editorial Board and the former Special Adviser on Media and… In "Entertainment"