Northern youths yesterday urged the All Progressives Congress (APC) to zone its 2023 presidential ticket to the Southeast. The youth, under the auspices of the Concerned Northern APC Youth Forum, said this at a briefing in Abuja. They also called on the APC and Nigerians to support the Presidential ambition of Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State. Umahi had, in January, declared his intention to contest for president in 2023 on the platform of the APC. The Forum said their call on the APC to give the Southeast a chance and also support for Umahi was borne out of its consultation tour of the 19 Northern states on the issues. In a chat with reporters yesterday in Abuja, the Chairman of the Forum, Suleiman Liba, said justice, fairness and equity must come to play in electing the country’s next president. He insisted that Umahi remains the best candidate to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari due to his record of achievements in Ebonyi State. “In David Umahi, we have found a worthy successor to President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023. “The man’s antecedents of excellence speak volumes and his achievements in Ebonyi State are there for everyone to see. “We urge other bodies across the entire country to support David Umahi’s presidential bid as this is the surest way for Nigeria to go,” he added. The leadership of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council (OYC) Worldwide has thrown its weight on the decision of the Governor of Ebonyi State, Dave Umahi to dump the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the All Progressives Congress (APC) The Igbo Youth group in a statement by the President General and Secretary… In "News" THERE was disquiet in the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) on Tuesday, following the defection of Ebonyi State Governor David Umahi to the All Progressives Congress (APC). It was learnt that the defection unsettled the party’s leadership after making a last-minute effort to dissuade Umahi from leaving its fold. The party… In "Politics" The Concerned Northern APC Youth Forum has declared its support for the Ebonyi state governor, Engr David Umahi, for the office of the President of Nigeria come 2023. The Forum made this call in a press conference in Abuja on Tuesday, explaining that the choice was made after due consultation… In "Politics"