By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan on Saturday said the National Assembly will make a case for official roles for the traditional rulers in the ongoing review of the Nigerian constitution. Lawan spoke at the Palace of Emir of Ilorin, HRH Alhaji Ibrahim Sulu-Gambari while on courtesy visit, the statement from the Special Adviser (Media) to President of the Senate, Ola Awoniyi said. According to the statement, Lawan was in Kwara primarily to attend the launch of the 2022 Empowerment Programme of Senator Sadiq Suleiman Umar who is representing Kwara North Senatorial District in the Ninth Senate. Lawan was accompanied to the Palace by the Governor of Kwara State, Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq and six Distinguished Senators who traveled with him from Abuja. The Senators are Aliyu Sabi Abdullahi( Senate Deputy Chief Whip), Bello Mandiya, Yakubu Oseni, Ibrahim Oloriegbe, Lola Ashiru and Smart Adeyemi. The Senate President said the ninth National Assembly believed that the roles now being played by traditional rulers should be accorded recognition in the Constitution so that they could play the roles even better. “We believe, in the ninth National Assembly, that our Royal Fathers must have a role and a better and clearly official role and function in our constitution so that we are able to have an all inclusive governance structure that will ensure that our Royal Fathers do what they are doing today in a more official manner. “In the northern part of the country particularly and across the country generally, the traditional Institutions play a very key and significant role in stabilising our communities and our societies. “We believe that these roles must be reflected and properly captured in the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. “Thank God that we are now working on the review of our constitution. By the Grace of God the National Assembly will finish it’s role of leading in the review of constitution by the end of this month and send it to the States. “The traditional Institutions have always been there and they are there longer than political Institutions…We face security issues. Insecurity is pervasive. “Thank God, the Federal Government is not stopping at anything to restore normalcy. But the Federal Government and indeed all our security agencies across all the tiers of government cannot achieve the kind of desired outcome without citizens’ participation and we believe that to mobilise the citizens, we need our traditional Institutions. “That is where official participation of traditional Institutions in governance is very important and central. We are going to push for that by the Grace of God. We want to see it reflected this time around and by the time this is achieved, our traditional Institutions will now perform even better the functions they are already performing,” Lawan said. Responding, the Emir of Ilorin, HRH Alhaji Ibrahim Sulu-Gambari thanked the Senate President for the visit but told his guest that he and his traditional ruler colleagues had no intention to compete with any Institution. He said they were not asking for a legislative or judicial roles but just an advisory functions. “What we ask for is advisory participation. We are saying that there  should be a Council of traditional rulers who could be sought to give advise and to take part in bringing sanity to the governance of this country,” the Emir said.  …As Argungu Emirate Confers Senate President with ‘Ganuwar Kabi’ Title By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -   President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, on Wednesday said that for Nigeria to surmount security challenges confronting it, traditional rulers in the country should be given specific roles to be enshrined in the… In "Top Stories" The jostle by four senators to succeed Senate President, David Mark, on June 4, has shifted to the aspirants going after their colleagues in the six geo – political zones, seeking their endorsements. The four senators who have so far made public, their decision to contest the race are, Bukola… In "News" By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan said on Tuesday that the current stability in governance in Nigeria is the result of the harmonious relationship among the arms of government. According to the statement signed by the Special Adviser (Media) to President of the Senate,… In "Top Stories"