Kano State Governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje has described late DSP Abdulkadir Abubakar Rano as one of the finest Nigeria Police officers whose efforts in securing lives and properties cannot be measured.  Ganduje while commiserating with the family of late DSP Abdulkadir Abubakar Rano, Divisional Police Officer, (DPO), Jibia in Katsina State, said Nigeria has lost an honest Police Officer.Rano was killed by bandits why in the line of duty in Katsina State. He said “The information about his death is sad. And he passed when Nigeria needed him the most. He was one of the highly disciplined officers in the service of the Nigeria Police Force. “We really lost a patriotic and gallant officer, whose patriotic posture added value to the service he left. His doggedness and unparalleled commitment to duty were outstanding and commendable. “On behalf of the government and good people of Kano State, I am sending our condolences to his families, Nigeria Police Force and Rano Emirate. May Allah Forgive all his shortcomings and reward his good deeds,” he prayed. “May Allah shower His mercies and blessings on the deceased and look after his children in a divine way.”  Source A Divisional Police Officer in Jibiya Local Government Area of Katsina State, DSP Abdullahi Rano, has been shot dead by suspected bandits. Sources disclosed that the bandits invaded the Magama-Jibia community on Wednesday morning. Rano, upon hearing of the invasion by bandits, mobilised, made a reinforcement of officers to the… In "News" The convoy of Kano state governor, Dr Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, was attacked by armed bandits along Shema in Katsina State on their way back to Kano from Zamfara State. Although Ganduje was not in the convoy, it came under attack by bandits who blocked Zamfara, Katsina and Kano Road, around… In "News" Ibadan- The Oyo State Government on Tuesday presented cheque leaves worth N1.5 million to the families of late DSP Ikeogu Nwaogu and Cpl Emmanuel Olubunmi. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that Nwaogu was before his death, the Divisional Police Officer (DPO), Agugu Police Station, while Olubunmi was attached… In "News"