Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has apologized to Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State over the conduct of security personnel attached to the gate of… Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has apologized to Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State over the conduct of security personnel attached to the gate of the Air Force Base in Makurdi. The security personnel attached to the gate of the Air Force Base in Makurdi barred the governor from receiving the Vice-President into his state on Saturday. Security personnel prevented me from welcoming Osibanjo at Makurdi Airport – Ortom Security Conduct Against Ortom While Welcoming Osinbajo Unfortunate – Governorship Aspirant Daily Trust learnt that the authorities of the Nigerian Air force equally apologised to the governor who eventually received the Vice President at the Air Force Base. A picture of the governor welcoming Osinbajo was later released by the official photographer to the vice president later in the day. Earlier today, Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has stated that he was prevented by security personnel at the main entrance of the Air Force Base (NAF) in Makurdi, the State capital while on his way to receive the Vice-President of Nigeria, Professor Yemi Osinbajo.Osibanjo was travelling to Wukari, Taraba State en route to the Makurdi military airport in Benue to attend the convocation of the Federal University, Wukari. Ortom told newsmen in Makurdi that he was denied entrance at the gate of the Air Force base by the security personnel despite receiving a notice earlier that the vice-president will be passing through his territory, described the action by the security personnel as unacceptable, breach of protocol and politics taken too far. The governor said that he was more pained about the development because he had initially set out to attend the burial of Professor Ignatius Ayua, but had to delegate the duty to his deputy for him to receive the Vice President when he go the communication via a letter from the presidency intimating him of the vice president’s transit visit. Makurdi -  The Federal Government has promised to dredge river Benue and construct additional drainage systems to combat the menace of incessant flood being experienced in the state. President Muhammadu Buhari made the promise on Wednesday while addressing the Internally Displaced persons (IDPs) at the International Market camp in Makurdi.… In "News" The Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo is currently in Benue State. Osinbajo, who arrived Makurdi, the state capital was received by the State Governor, Samuel Ortom at the Airport. The Vice President is in the state to sympathize with the recent flood victims who are taking refuge at the Makurdi International… In "Top Stories" By Nicholas Dechi Makurdi  -  Gov. Samuel Ortom of Benue has commended the Nigerian Military for effectively tackling insurgency in the North-East. Ortom made the commendation in Makurdi on Tuesday when the Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal, Sadique Abubakar, visited him. He said that posterity would not forget the… In "News"