Sadio Mane scored the decisive penalty as Senegal beat Egypt 4-2 on penalties to win their first AFCON title after 120 minutes of football ended goalless. Mane for Senegal scores 4-2 Mohanad Lasheen for Egypt misses 3-2 Bamba Dieng for Senegal scores 3-2 Marwan Hamdi for Egypt scores 2-2 Bouna Sarr for Senegal misses 2-1 Abdelmonem for Egypt misses 2-1 Abdou Diallo for Senegal scores 2-1 Ahmed Sayed for Egypt scores 1-1 Koulibaly for Senegal scores 1-0 PENALTIES: Senegal goes first END OF EXTRA TIME: After 120 minutes it remains goalless. The new king of African football will be decided via penalties 116-117′ Fantastic saves from Abou Gabal and Edouard Mendy keep the scores goalless. 114′ Salah has had two runs checked by the Senegalese defence who seem to have the solution to any threat he may pose. 107′ Saliou Ciss concedes a free kick just outside the box. The resulting free kicks fails to pose any threat and Senegal clears their lines. SECOND HALF OF EXTRA TIME BEGINS HALF TIME OF EXTRA TIME 100′ Another great save by Abou Gabal denies Senegal from going ahead EXTRA TIME FIRST HALF: 92′ Sadio Mane puts Boulaye Dia through but his effort is saved by Abou Gabal. The Zamalek shot stopper is having an unforgettable night. END OF SECOND HALF: Both sides yet to score as the second half comes to an end. This will be Egypt’s fourth game of this AFCON that will go all the way. Every game from the Round of 16 has lasted for 120 minutes for Carlos Queiroz’s side. 90′ 3 minutes added to the second half as we edge towards extra 30 minutes of action 88′ Mane goes into referee’s book for a foul 86′ Still goalless as Egypt wins a free kick 79′ Saliou Ciss fires over Abou Gabal’s goal 78′ Free kick to Senegal on the edge of Egypt’s box following a foul on Mane by Fathi 76′ SUBSTITUTE: Ismaila Sarr and Famara Diedhiou withdrawn for Boulaye Dia and Bamba Dieng respectively. 74′ Great chance for Egypt to open scoring. Marwin Hamdi’s header flashes past Mendy’s goal. Egypt now taking the game to Senegal 72′ Mane escpaes getting booked after a foul on Ashour 68′ A great free-kick meets the head of Ahmed Sayed but it flies over Mendy’s goal 65′ SUBSTITUTE: First substitute for Senegal. Cheikhou Kouyate goes off for Papa Gueye 58′ SUBSTITUTE: Three changes for Egypt. Trezeguet for Soulia, Marwin Hamdi for Mostafa Mohamed and Ahmed Sayed for Omar Marmoush. 53′ Abdou Diallo goes into referee’s book for a foul on Mohamed Salah 52′ Abou Gabal saves again from Diedhiou to keep the scores level 48′ Gueye’s free kick flies over Abou Gabal’s goal 46′ Mane’s run is impeded and he wins a free kick just outside Egypt’s box SECOND HALF – No changes as Egypt gets the second half under way 45′ The referee brings the first half to an end 44′ Kalidou Koulibaly receives Senegal’s second yellow card of the game for a foul on Mostafa Mohamed 42′ Salah forces a save from Mendy and wins a corner for Egypt which Mendy collects. 36′ Hamdi Fathi receives a yellow card for a foul on Sadio Mane 32′ Egypt has been the second best team so far, recording just one shot on target frim Mohamed Salah 28′ Salah teases his way through the Senegalese defence but his low effort is easily saved by Edouard Mendy who has been more of a spectator. 24′ A long pass to Marmoush from Abdelmonem but the foward fails to meet it. 23′ Another great play from Ismail Sarr who crosses into the box but Mane is unable to reach it. 21′ Elneny fouls Gueye and concedes a free-kick 18′ Ismail Sarr’s effort fails to meet anyone and goes out for a throw in 16′ Nampalys Mendy receives the first yellow card of the game for a foul on Omar Marmoush 11′ A tame effort by Ismail Sarr makes an easy save for Abou Gabal. Senegal asking all the questions so far 9′ Free kick to Senegal after a foul on Ismail Sarr. 6′ Mane misses from the spot. Great save by Abou Gabal who dived in the right direction to beat Mane’s fierce strike away. Huge let off for Egypt 5′ Abdelmonem receives a yellow card for the foul on Ciss. 3′ Penalty for Senegal. Saliou Ciss brought down by Abdelmonem and it’s a penalty for Senegal. 2′ good defending from Egypt to prevent Mane from driving into the box. Senegal kick-off the first half Referee is Victor Gomes from South Africa National anthems done and we are about to get under way Egypt has seven AFCON titles while Senegal are two times finalists (2002 and 2019) SENEGAL Mendy (GK) Sarr Koulibaly Dialogue Ciss Kouyate Mendy Sarr Gueye Mane Diedhiou EGYPT Abou Gabal (GK) Fattoh Hamdy Abdelmonem Ashour Elneny Fathi Al-Sulaya Marmoush Mohamed Salah Sadio Mane made up for an earlier penalty kick miss with the decisive kick on Sunday in Yaounde as Senegal claimed their first Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) title. They claimed the title with a 4-2 penalty kick shootout win over Egypt at the Olembe Stadium in the final match… In "News" Senegal reached a second consecutive Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) final on Wednesday after goals from Abdou Diallo, Idrissa Gueye and Sadio Mane secured a 3-1 win over Burkina Faso. Aliou Cisse’s side were denied a first AFCON title by Algeria back in 2019, but they will now have another chance against either Cameroon… In "Sports" CAPE TOWN - Senegal showed their teeth on the opening day of qualifiers for the 2021 African Cup of Nations but other continental heavyweights struggled to find form on Wednesday. Nigeria could only scrape a 2-1 home win over tiny neighbours Benin while Cameroon were held to an embarrassing home… In "Sports"