By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – President Muhammadu Buhari has commended Minister of transportation, Rotimi Amaechi for working with enormous energy to make the CHANGE APC promised Nigerians a reality, noting that “the change we are witnessing in the transport sector is an extraordinary legacy. According to the statement signed by the Senior Special Assistant to the President(Media & Publicity), Garba Shehu, Buhari stated this in congratulatory messages to the two chieftains of the All Progressives Congress, (APC) namely, Rotimi Amaechi, and Nasiru Haladu Danu, a reputable businessman, on the conferment of a chieftaincy titles on them today, Saturday by the Daura Emirate Council.. The statement reads in full: President Muhammadu Buhari has sent messages of congratulations to two chieftains of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Rotimi Amaechi, Minister of Transportation and two-time Director General of his election campaigns, and Nasiru Haladu Danu, a reputable businessman, on the conferment of a chieftaincy titles on them tomorrow, Saturday by the Daura Emirate Council. President Buhari described the conferment of the title of “Dan Amana,” (the trusted one) to Amaechi as a clear commitment to the harmonious relationship between the nation’s diverse cultures. Alhaji Danu is being turbaned as Tafida Babba of Daura. He commended the Minister “for working with enormous energy to make the CHANGE we promised Nigerians a reality,” noting that “the change we are witnessing in the transport sector is an extraordinary legacy.” The President will not be at the event but has designated a delegation of three, made up of the Ministers of Water Resources, Engineer Sulaiman Adamu, Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika and the Senior Special Assistant (Media and Publicity) Garba Shehu to represent him. Garba ShehuSenior Special Assistant to the President(Media & Publicity), President Muhammadu Buhari has extolled the unique qualities of the Minister of Transportation, Rt. Hon. Rotimi Amaechi, as he turned 55 years of age.The President, in a goodwill message he dispatched to celebrate the former governor of Rivers State, observed Hon. Amaechi’s services to the government and his loyalty to… In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has felicitated with Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, on his 55th birthday, commending his result-oriented leadership style, which positively reflects on people and projects he has supervised over the years. The President, in a statement by its spokesman, Malam Garba Shehu, in… In "Politics" PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata  Post) - The Rivers State Chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has congratulated President Muhammadu Buahri and the Minister of Transportation, Hon. Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi, on the successful flag-off, on Tuesday, of the Abuja - Kaduna Rail Line. The party in a statement issued Wednesday in… In "News"