According to a report by SaharaReporters, a yet-to-be ascertained number of people were feared killed when gunmen attacked two polling units on Wednesday.  The incident happened during the elections for the office of the 17 council chairmen and 260 councillorship wards conducted by the state’s Independent Electoral Commission on Wednesday.The gunmen invaded the polling units at Obeagu ward III in the Enugu South Local Government Area and another polling unit at Akpugo in the Nkanu West Local Government Area.In a trending video, the armed men disrupted the exercise by destroying electoral materials after chasing away voters.Apart from those killed, some persons sustained injuries while vehicles were set ablaze.The gunmen also attacked the news crew of the Enugu State Broadcasting Service (ESBS), which was covering the election.The media team comprised a driver, a cameraman and three reporters. Also with them was a reporter with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN). Two of the ESBS reporters, Chiamaka Ezeaputa and Chigozie Alex-Nwafor, and a driver, Ebuka Ogbozor, however, escaped.  Source By reporters Enugu - Turnout for the local government elections in many parts of Enugu State is generally low as voters are yet to come out, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. NAN correspondents who monitored the elections in the state on Saturday reports that there was voter apathy… In "News" By Nathan Nwakamma Yenagoa - Voting has ended and collation of votes is in progress across Bayelsa in respect of Saturday’s Governorship elections, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports NAN also reports that the election was generally peaceful, although pockets of violence were reported in some places. Sources across… In "Politics" Gombe- A member of Gombe State House of Assembly, Alhaji Umar Aminu (APC), and eight others are feared killed by insurgents on Saturday. The insurgents who attacked Dukku and Nafada local government areas of the state were said to have killed the lawmaker representing Dukku South Constituency. A source told the… In "News"