Senate has confirmed the nominations of five Executive Directors designate of the Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority (NMDPRA). The confirmation of the nominees followed the consideration and adoption of a report by the Committee on Downstream Petroleum Sector at plenary on Tuesday. Those confirmed include: Francis Ogaree, Executive Director, Hydrocarbon Processing Plants, Installations and Transportation Infrastructure; and Dr. Mustapha Lamorde, Executive Director, Health, Safety, Environment and Community. Others are Mansur Kuliya, Executive Director, Midstream and Downstream Gas Infrastructure; Bashir Sadiq, Executive Director, Corporate Services and Administration; and Dr Zainab Gobir, Executive Director, Economic Regulations and Strategic Planning. Chairman of the Downstream Petroleum Sector Committee, Sen. Sabo Mohammed , in his presentation, recalled that the Senate on Feb. 8, considered President Muhammadu Buhari’s request for the confirmation of the nominees. He explained that the President’s request was in accordance with the provisions of Section 34(3) of the Petroleum Industry Act, 2021. According to him, the Act empowers the President to make appointments into the board of the Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority (NMDPRA) subject to the confirmation of the Senate. “They exhibited a high level understanding of the challenges, complexities and opportunities inherent in the Petroleum Industry. “Their knowledge and experiences will be of great benefit to the Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority and the oil and gas sector in general,” Mohammed said. He noted that the Committee did not receive any petition against their nominations, adding that they were cleared by the Nigeria Police Force, Department of State Services (DSS) and posses the Code of Conduct Acknowledgment slips By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has confirmed the nominations of five Executive Director-nominees of the Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority (NMDPRA).  The confirmation of the nominees followed the consideration of a report by the Committee on Downstream Petroleum Sector. Those confirmed include: Francis Alabo… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate on Thursday confirmed the appointment of four nominees as members of the Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority.  The nominees are Idaere Gogo Ogan – Chairman; Farouk A. Ahmed – Chief Executive Officer; Abiodun Adeniji – Executive Director, Finance and… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - jThe Senate has received a formal request from President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm five nominees as Executive Directors of the Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority (NMDPRA).  The confirmation request was contained in a letter dated 31st January, 2022, and read by… In "Top Stories"