By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The People’s Democratic Party, PDP is to challenge the victory of the All Progressives Congress, APC in three council areas of Kwali, Abaji and Gwagwalada in the February 12th council election in the Federal Capital Territory, FCT Abuja. Governor Samuel Ortom who was chairman of the PDP Campaign Committee Council for the FCT election disclosed this Monday, February 21st, 2022 at the Benue Peoples House Makurdi when he hosted Jemgbagh PDP Elders Forum led by Barrister Samuel Tsumba. This was contained in a statement signed by the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Nathaniel Ikyur made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja. According to the statement, the Governor  told the delegation that a son of Jemgbagh, Chief Sabastine Hon, SAN, had been engaged as lead counsel for the PDP to reclaim the mandate of the party in the other three council areas whose results were frought with high level irregularities. He explained that the PDP’s victory in the three council areas including Abuja Municipal Area Council, AMAC, Bwari, Kuje and – in addition to 44 councilorship slots against APC’s 18 councilorship is a clear indication that the opposition manipulated the council election. Governor Ortom was particularly happy that a son of Jemgbagh and National Chairman of the People’s Democratic Party, PDP, Dr Iyorchia Ayu led the party to victory in the seat of power, describing him as a round peg in a round hole. The Governor described Jemgbagh as his second home, having been born and brought up in Gboko, pointing out that he had to reclaim his late father’s landed property in the area to serve as a mark of honour to those who raised him. Earlier, Chairman of the Jemgbagh PDP Elders Forum, Barrister Samuel Tsumba said their visit was to appreciate the Governor for the many good things he has done for Jemgbagh including projects execution and appointments. He said the recent support of Governor Samuel Ortom to the emergence of their son, Dr Iyorchia Ayu as National Chairman of the PDP is also greatly appreciated.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Some pillars in the 8th senate have been rejected by their constituencies and fallen in the fierce battle to secure a place in the 9th Senate going by results announced by the electoral umpire. Dr. Bukola Saraki lost his bid to return to… In "Top Stories" The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has described its return to power in the Abuja Municipal Council (AMAC) of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) as a sign of victory for the 2023 general elections.The PDP National Chairman, Dr Iyorchia Ayu, in a statement he issued on Sunday, in Abuja, said that… In "News" PDP Will Not Win Any Seat In Lagos Council Elections – Tinubu In "Politics"