A former Governor of Ekiti State, Chief Segun Oni, yesterday, said he had joined the Social Democratic Party (SDP) to contest the June 18 governorship election in the state. Oni said that no fewer than four aggrieved governorship aspirants in the All Progressives Congress (APC), members of a factional group in Ekiti APC, the South-West Agenda for Asiwaju 2023 (SWAGA), members of the repositioning group in the PDP and others are forming what he described as a grand collation to win the election. The former governor, while speaking on a private radio station, Voice 89.9FM in Ado-Ekiti, the state capital, yesterday, said that the necessary paper work by the national leadership of the SDP for him to be the party’s candidate and his running mate would soon be concluded with the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). He noted that his decision to move to the SDP was as a result of the continued call by the people of the state on him to contest the June 18 poll as a third force, saying that aggrieved politicians in the two dominant political parties are supporting him in the new political party. “I have chosen to advance my ambition in the Social Democratic Party (SDP) because we are looking at the future and not the present. The party has won elections in this country. It is a well-known party and the reason I chose it to contest the June 18, 2022 governorship election in Ekiti State. “We have seen the potentials in SDP because we believe it is easier to sell as a third force for Nigerians. The process to make me candidate is ongoing and will soon be completed,” he said. Oni, who maintained that the will and aspirations of the people were the most important structures needed to defeat the APC and PDP in the state, expressed optimism that his achievements when he was governor would sway the votes in his favour. Former Governor of Ekiti State, Segun Oni and Deputy National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress(APC), yesterday insisted that he won’t dump the party if denied the governorship ticket for the July 14 poll. Oni described the widespread rumour that he was having affinity with former President, Olusegun Obasanjo- sponsored… In "Politics" By Emmanuel Mogbede Abuja -   Mr Adams Oshiomhole, the All Progressives Congress (APC) National Chairman says that the party is yet to receive any court order against its candidate for the Ekiti State governorship election, Dr Kayode Fayemi. He said this on Wednesday in Abuja, while fielding questions from… In "Politics" A former Governor of Ekiti State and Peoples Democratic Party governorship aspirant in the state, Chief Segun Oni, has accused former Governor Ayodele Fayose, of selling out the party’s candidate to the All Progressives Congress. Oni also took a swipe at the PDP National Working Committee led by Iyorchia Ayu… In "Politics"