A woman was shocked when she found out she had teeth and hair growing in her uterus for two years. Page Davenport, from US, first noticed she had unnusual pain in her abdomen last week and also “abnormal bleeding that wasn’t consistent with her period”. She assumed she might have fallen pregnant and did several tests but they came back negative. She later took to TikTok after getting some tests done to reveal the clinical results from the doctors. She said she was given an ultrasound scan so the expert could get a view of what could be causing the pain and what was discovered shocked her. “It’s not a baby, it’s actually something way worse than a baby,” she explains. “She put the probe inside my vagina and moved to the uterus – and I see something in there.“I’m like ‘Ooooh!’ but she said it’s not a baby. At this point I am convinced that I’m having cancer. “And when my doctors comes into the room and tells me the result, she looks me in the eyes and tells me that I have a 7cm chicken egg-sized cyst called dermoid cyst. “Actually I have two, the other one is the size of a pea.” She said she Googled it online and found out it’s a cyst that “grows hair and teeth”. It is caused from particles from foetal tissue being separated during the development of a foetus.    Seven years after her last novel Americanah, multiple award-winning writer Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie is to release a new book on October 27. The title of the new book is Zikora. Americanah, in 2013, won the National Book Critics Circle Award.   At the peak of the pandemic and resultant lockdown,… In "News" LAFIA - These are not the best of times for Mr. Philip Tersso, a native of Yelwata community, Nasarawa State and his wife, Mary. The once loving husband is up in arms against his wife after finding out that she was pregnant for his friend and consequently resolved to bury… In "Metro" Thirty-nine-year-old Nwachukwu Alagbu lost his wife, Nkiru, at the University of Nigeria Teaching Hospital, Ituku-Ozalla, Enugu State, when doctors at the hospital allegedly refused to attend to her over fear that she had COVID-19. He tells RAPHAEL EDE how he helplessly watched his wife die You accused doctors at the… In "Metro"