The UN, in collaboration with humanitarian partners, on Monday, launched the 2022 Humanitarian Response Plan for Mali, seeking $686 million dollars from donors to help 5.3 million of the most vulnerable people in the country.  The level of needs is higher than at any point since 2012, with an overall total of around 7.5 million Malians in need of assistance, according to UN Spokesperson, Stéphane Dujarric, briefing journalists in New York. “The past year was characterised by a deterioration in the humanitarian situation due to growing insecurity in the central region of the country”, he said, adding that “the security crisis is now expanding to the southern region.” The Malian government has been seeking to restore stability following a series of setbacks since early 2012, including a failed military coup d’état, renewed fighting between Government forces and Tuareg rebels, and the seizure of much of the territory in the north and central regions, by radical extremists. The removal from power of the sitting president in 2020 was followed by a coup in May last year, and a further military coup in August. Briefing the Security Council in January, the UN Special Representative who heads the UN peacekeeping mission in Mali, reported that “insecurity had expanded, the humanitarian situation had deteriorated, more children were out of school and the country had been affected by an endless cycle of instability.” More than 1.8 million people are expected to need food assistance in 2022, compared to 1.3 million in 2021, the highest level of food insecurity recorded since 2014, the UN correspondent of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. Dujarric said that violence and climate shocks were key factors driving the increased number of people facing severe food shortages, some 51 per cent more than in 2021. Civilian casualties also sharply increased in northern and central Mali in 2021, he added, “with civilians increasingly the target of violent attacks by armed groups, increased intercommunal violence and the risks posed by improvised explosive devices.” Mali was one of the 10 least funded Humanitarian Response Plans in 2021, he said. “Despite mounting challenges, aid workers and organizations have stayed and are delivering. Humanitarian organisations had reached more than 2.5 million people in need of humanitarian assistance in 2021.”  (NAN) UN - The U.S. Government has announced 29 million dollars in new humanitarian assistance to Mali. This is contained in a statement from the U.S. State Department released on Sunday. According to the statement, Ms Sarah Sewall, U.S. Secretary of State for Civilian Security, Democracy and Human Rights, announced the… In "Foreign" United Nations- The UN Special Envoy for the Sahel , Ms Guebre Sellassie has said that the proliferation of militant groups and “disquieting” levels of food insecurity in the Sahel has become increasingly fragile. The special envoy said this on Thursday in New York while briefing the Security Council. Sellassie… In "Foreign" By Prudence Arobani New York -   The humanitarian community in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) and Congolese authorities on Friday launched an appeal for 748 million dollars to assist 6.7 million people in 2017. This represents the first year of a new three-year action plan in the… In "Foreign"