Following the worsening insecurity in Niger, the state government have announced that it would reward handsomely persons who can provide credible intelligence on the activities, movements and whereabouts of terrorists across the state.  Announcing that a situation room for coordinating intelligence on the security situation, the Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Mary Noel-Berje said the security situation has become a nightmare in the state and the government is doing its best to reverse the trend. The statement partly read;“Governor Sani-Bello has established a situation and control room where credible intelligence is being reported to the security agencies. The state government, through the Commissioner for Local Government, Chieftaincy Affairs and Internal Security, has announced a reward for those who are ready to supply credible intelligence on the terrorists. ”The Governor’s spokesperson, added that the activities of the bandits have caused a severe setback in the government’s programmes and projects.Berje said;“We must acknowledge that the evil activities of these terrorists have brought setbacks in the actualization of government projects such as the multi-billion naira Bobi grazing reserve, road projects and other projects. It was derailed the execution of some developmental projects and policies of the government.”  Source By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari and State Governors on Tuesday ended their meeting on the state of the nation’s security with call for a joint strategy to bring various conflicts to an end within time limits. They also called on field commanders to take measures to protect… In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Elders in the North Central states of the country have joined in the call for President Mohammadu Buhari to sack the service chiefs over the state of insecurity in the country. The group of elders in the region,under the aegis of Coalition of North Central Elders,in… In "Top Stories" The Taraba State Governor, Darius Ishaku has called on the federal government to act immediately after raising alarm that terrorists are planing to establish a base in his state. The Governor raised the alarm on Thursday in Jalingo, the state capital during the signing of the N149bn 2022 budget for… In "News"