President Muhammadu Buhari has approved with effect from 11th February the disengagement of Zainab Kazeem, the Special Assistant to the President on Domestic and Social Events, Office of the First Lady.The Senior Special Assistant (SSA) to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, announced this in a statement issued on Saturday.Benue Airport Drama: Osinbajo, Air Force apologise to OrtomTwo SDP factions meet in Abuja, ask INEC not to recognize Agunloye group Shehu said President Buhari also approved the appointment of Muhammad Sani Zorro, journalist, politician and former lawmaker as the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Public Affairs and Strategy, Office of the First Lady.He said the President equally approved the immediate redeployment of three of the political appointees in her office to the Office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (OSGF), pending their assignment to some other government departments or agencies at the instance of the First Lady, Hajiya A’isha Muhammadu Buhari. Those affected by the redeployment are Dr Mohammed Kamal Abdulrahman, Senior Special Assistant to the President on Health and Development Partners and Personal Physician to the First Lady; Hadi Uba, Special Assistant to the President on Administration and Wole Aboderin, Special Assistant to the President on Non-Governmental Organisations, NGOs.In a separate statement released later in the day, President Buhari also approved the appointment of two more personal aides to the First Lady. Shehu said A’isha Rimi, a law graduate of the University of Buckingham in England, was appointed as the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Legal Matters, Office of the First Lady.He said the appointee is a resourceful administrative executive and a founding partner at Africa Law Practice, a commercial law firm in Nigeria.The presidential media aide said the President also approved the appointment of Dr Zabah Muhammad Jawa as a Personal Physician to the First Lady.Dr Jawa, he said, is a Senior Consultant in Nuclear medicine and European Certified in Nuclear Medicine, adding that “He is a Fellow of the College of Radiologists of Nigeria and Fellow of the South African College of Nuclear Physicians.” By Ismaila Chafe Abuja. -. The Presidency on Tuesday night confirmed that erstwhile Director-General of the National Agency for the Control of Aids (NACA), Dr Sani Aliyu, resigned his appointment voluntarily. The President’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, who confirmed the development on his Facebook… In "News" By Ismaila Chafe   Abuja -  President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of a campaign organisation for his re-election in 2019 with Minister of Transportation Rotimi Amaechi as Secretary/Director-General. A statement issued by the President’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, in Abuja on Thursday… In "Politics" The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has sacked Prof Charles Dokubo as the Coordinator, Amnesty Programme. He has also approved the appointment of Col. Milland Dikio (retd.), as the interim administrator of the programme. The President’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, announced this in a… In "News"