The National Leader of All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu, has disclosed that he told the President, Major-General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), he wanted to step in his shoes and not on his toes. Tinubu said this on Saturday while speaking at the Palace of the Alake and Paramount Ruler of Egbaland, Oba Adedotun Gbadebo, in Abeokuta when he paid him a visit to seek his royal blessing on his presidential ambition. Tinubu had during his visit to Buhari at the Aso Villa in January declared his ambition to succeed Buhari in 2023. The former governor of Lagos State, who arrived at the palace of the Alake at 4.35pm, went straight into a private meeting with the monarch. He had earlier paid a similar visit to the Awujale and Paramount Ruler of Ijebuland, Oba Sikiru Adetona at his Ijebu-Ode palace. Addressing the monarch, Tinubu said, he decided to express his intention to Buhari following calls from his supporters and friends to run for President. The APC leader said, “I told the President I want to replace you and I don’t want to offend you. I told the President that I want to step in his shoes but not step on his toes. “I told him as the number one citizen, I should start my Presidential bid by informing you first, and he (Buhari) told me to inform the whole world, and I have done that.” An elder statesman, Chief Reuben Fasoranti, on Tuesday declared his support for the national leader of the All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Ahmed Tinubu, ahead of the 2023 presidential election. He described Tinubu as a qualified Nigerian who has all it takes to govern the country. Fasoranti spoke when Tinubu supporters… In "News" •Bola Ahmed Tinubu  IBADAN - National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and former governor of Lagos State, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has said he will overcome all the challenges rising against his 2023 presidential ambition.  He gave the assurance on Saturday in a brief chat with journalists shortly… In "Top Stories" Bola Tinubu, the national leader of the All Progressives Congress has been put up by Lagos monarchs within the Badagry Division to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023. They described Tinubu, a former Lagos Governor, as the best candidate to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari. The traditional rulers made the pronouncement… In "News"