Rangers International Football Club of Enugu on Sunday defeated visiting Abia Warriors of Umuahia 2-1 in a Nigeria Professional Football League (NPFL) Match Day 12 fixture played at Nnewi. In the match played at the FC IfeanyiUbah Stadium, Christian Nnaji and Chidiebere Nwobodo scored to ensure that Rangers picked the game’s three points. Valentine Odoh had put Abia Warriors ahead in the 48th minute, but the visitors’ celebration was cut short in the 66th minute when Nnaji scored from the penalty kick spot. Nwobodo made it 2-1 for the hosts in the 71st minute to send Rangers into fourth place from sixth position on the league table with 20 points. Abdul Maikaba, the coach of Rangers International, later said he knew that the match would not be easy for his players considering the nature of the field. “I became worried when the goal refused to come after 15 minutes. But I thank God that the lads rallied round to pick the three points in the end. “We fought well for this win, knowing that the win will keep us closer to the top of the league table. “But a lot of pressure are on us at home. However, gradually we are overcoming it and I hope that our next game against visiting Nasarawa United will be better. “Though we have lots of injured players before this match, but my happiness was that the players are doing well, especially away from home,” he said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Rangers now occupy the fourth position in the league with 20 points, while Abia Warriors remain in 15th position with 13 points. Lagos  -   Abia Warriors Football Club on Sunday host league leaders Rangers International at the Umuahia Township Stadium in the star match of the 2015/2016 Nigeria Professional Football League (NPFL) week six. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that six of the week six matches have been scheduled… In "Politics" ENUGU - Hosts Rangers International Football Club of Enugu on Sunday defeated Ikorodu United FC of Lagos 4-1 in a 2015/2016 Nigeria Professional Football League (NPFL) week 17 encounter. The first goal of the game played at the Nnamdi Azikiwe Stadium in Enugu was an own goal. It came through… In "Sports" Lagos  -  Rangers International FC of Enugu and Lagos-based MFM on Wednesday missed the opportunity to top the Nigeria Professional Football League (NPFL) table after playing a 1-1 draw at the Agege Stadium, Lagos. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that both clubs aiming to top the league with… In "Sports"