The Kwara Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) has warned petroleum marketers against hoarding and selling fuel above the recommended pump price.  The warning is contained in a statement signed by Mr Babawale Afolabi, spokesperson of the command and issued to newsmen on Sunday in Ilorin. “They should not create artificial scarcity, through hoarding of the products,” the statement said.It quoted the State Commandant, Mr Makinde Ayinla, as giving the warning while inspecting some petrol stations in Ilorin. “The Command will not hesitate to seal any erring filing station and prosecute the owners,” he said.The commandant, represented by Mr Yusuf Ayinde, Head of Anti-Vandal Unit, read the riot act to the stations that reportedly refused to sell fuel. “Based on intelligence , some filling stations had been accused of selling petrol for as much as N250, which is above the recommended pump price of N165,” he said. The statement said that some fuel stations “were caught in the act and were ordered to revert to the recommended price.”Some of the stations visited were NNPC in the Surulere Area, Topland and Demo at Amilegbe, Total Comfort and Oilfield at Ita-Amo. The statement said the exercise would continue on Monday with the inspection of more filling stations.  (NAN) • Marketers still struggling to return adulterated petrol to NNPC • Corporation pleads for patience, says fuel queues will end soon Residents of Abuja and neighbouring states of Niger and Nasarawa are still facing tough times sourcing for Premium Motor Spirit, popularly called petrol, with the commodity selling for as… In "Business" By Aminu Ahmed Garko Minna - The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), Niger command, has set up a task force to monitor the sales and distribution of petroleum products in the state. Mr Philip Ayuba, Commandant of the Corps, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency… In "Metro" Ota (Ogun) -  The Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) in Ogun, on Saturday, sealed off six petrol stations and arrested four persons in the state. The DPR made the arrests for fuel hoarding, under-dispensing, sabotage, obstruction of justice and installation of commercial gas cylinders without approval. All the affected petrol… In "Business"