The Nigerian Senate has proposed a three-month jail term or N1 million fine for landlords who default on the proposed Rent Bill.  The bill specifies punishment for landlords demanding payment of advance rent from tenants of residential, office buildings and spaces beyond three months. The prescription was made in a Senate bill titled, ‘Advance Rent for Residential Apartments, Office Spaces, Etc, Regulation Bill 2022’. The bill was sponsored by the lawmaker representing Kogi West Senatorial District, Senator Smart Adeyemi (All Progressives Congress. It passed second reading on the floor of the Senate last week. It seeks to protect low-income earners from oppression by homeowners and provide a safety net for landlords against erring tenants. The bill bars landlords from demanding from a fresh tenant, rent in excess of three months and also bars the tenant from offering to pay rent in excess of three months if they are securing the use of the apartment for the first time. In case of termination of agreement, the bill prescribes a one-month notice to a tenant paying rents on a monthly basis and three-month notice to a tenant paying on a quarterly basis. The bill forbids arbitrary increase of rent and gives the courts the powers to determine reasonable rent increments. The bill gives exclusive jurisdictions to the magistrate courts to try rent cases, but that either of the two parties could appeal to the High Courts. Adeyemi, who addressed journalists after the bill passed first reading, said it would enable tenants to make a maximum advance payment of three months’ rent, with subsequent monthly payment. He said, “We discovered that landlords are compelling tenants to make one-year and two-year advance rent payments before they would give them keys to their apartments. It may not be an issue to quite a number of people but to many others, it is a great pain for them. Most Nigerians need the protection of the law to be able to meet their basic needs after paying rent. “Many landlords did not secure loans to build their houses; they are products of free money they acquire from the system. Yet, they make life difficult for poor Nigerians who do not have such privilege of making ill-gotten money from the system and put up structures. “The buildings are constructed in such a manner that an average Nigerian would not be able to afford it. Many people are involved in corrupt practices to get their rents paid, while the ladies took to prostitution. “The law we are proposing stipulates a maximum advance rent payment of three months. After the expiration of the three months’ rent, the tenants are expected to pay monthly. “There are many tenants whose salaries are competing with their rents because they live in cities like Abuja. The law will prevent the poor workers from any form of oppression.”  SOURCE The Nigerian senate is seeking a bill to make it illegal for landlords to demand payment of advance rent from tenants of residential and office buildings and spaces beyond three months. Sponsor of the bill Senator Smart Adeyemi who spoke to newsmen about the bill, said it would enable tenants… In "News" By Aniebo Nwamu Unlike some “men of God” that have been issuing terrifying visions of 2016, I’m not going to start the year with doomsday prophecies. Apocalyptic predictions in this new year are not for me. I see hope. We ought to be optimistic. If only we could begin to… In "Opinion" The Coronavirus lockdown put in place to halt the spread of the disease couldn't stop a Kenyan landlord from visiting one his tenants to demand for his rent at Ichuga Estate in Nanyuki town. Jane Wamucii, 39, a mother of three told Nairobi News on Thursday that her landlord decided… In "Metro"