Officials of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Port Harcourt Zonal Command have arrested 42 suspected internet fraudsters at various locations in Asaba, Delta State.  The anti-graft agency in a statement issued on Friday said the suspects were arrested on Wednesday, February 9, 2022, in a sting operation. It said: “Their arrest followed series of intelligence reports linking them with alleged fraudulent activities ranging from dating and celebrity scams on numerous dating sites, bitcoin investment scam, cryptocurrency scam, obtaining by false pretence and impersonation.” The agency said 31 of the suspects comprises 29 men and two ladies. The anti-graft agency informed that items recovered from the suspects at the point of arrest include: 13 exotic cars, 59 phones of different brands; 10 laptops, one Hisense television and speakers; one iPad and three PlayStations. The agency said the suspects will be charged to court as soon as investigations are concluded. The suspects are, James Nweze, Nmuokoro Tega, Eruteyan Benjamine, Nwaozor Chinedu, Okwesa Solomon, Yusuf Michael, Ikhana Godswork, Benson David, Chidinma Anthony, Jennifer Nkem, Okorie Temple, Paul Gabriel, Okafor Osita, Vihishima Joseph and Desmond Osaigbovo, Others are Jude Ogougboh, Sylvester Nwabunwanne, Faith Samuel, Prince Ohumhende, Osaretin Unity, Godstime Animan, Oluwaseun Orimoloye, Mathias Ohashina, Precious Agolo, Okoronkwo Stanley, Benjamin Onyedika Victor, Okonta Anthony, Omelebele Lucky, Okafor Victory, Osade Peter, Daniel Chukwudi Mbaeme.  Source As many as 57 suspected internet fraudsters have been arrested by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibadan Zonal Office. The suspects were nabbed at their hotel hideouts in Ilaro area of Ogun State. This is contained in a statement signed by its spokesperson, Wilson Uwujaren and made available… In "News" Abuja -   The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has arrested 13 suspected Internet fraudsters for conspiracy, possession of fraudulent documents and obtaining money under false pretence. Spokesman of the commission, Mr Wilson Uwujaren, who disclosed this in a statement on Friday, said the Lagos zonal office of the… In "News" By Akeem Abas Ibadan - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) Ibadan zonal office has arrested 17 suspected internet fraudsters including five who claimed to be undergraduates. This is contained in a statement issued by the commission’s spokesperson, Mr Tony Orilade and made available to newsmen on Tuesday in… In "News"