The Supreme Court on Friday revealed that the reason it nullified Executive Order 10 by President Muhammadu Buhari is because the country is “run on the basis of rule of law.”  Recall that Buhari had in May 2020, signed the order into law. According to the Apex court, the Nigerian leader overstepped his powers by promulgating such a rule. The order grants financial autonomy to the legislature and the judiciary in the 36 states of the country. The order also mandates the accountant-general of the federation to deduct from source amount due to state legislatures and judiciaries from the monthly allocation to each state for states that refuse to grant such autonomy. That order has now been voided by the Supreme Court which ruled Friday in a suit by the 36 states against the federal government. In its ruling, the seven-member panel of Supreme Court judges, in a split-decision of six justices to one, held that the Constitution provides a “clear delineation between the state and federal government.” “The president has overstepped the limits of his constitutional powers,” the court ruled about the president promulgating Executive Order 10. “The country is run on the basis of rule of law,” the judges said. The majority decision adopted the expert opinion of Musibau Adetunbi and Mahmud Magaji, two of the Senior Advocates of Nigeria, invited by the Supreme Court to advise it on the matter.  Source More facts have emerged on the suit by 36 state governors before the Supreme Court, jointly challenging the contentious Executive Order 10 signed by President Muhammadu Buhari, granting financial autonomy to state judiciaries and legislatures.   The original jurisdiction of the Supreme Court in such suits is provided under Section… In "Politics" The Supreme Court on Monday reserved judgment in the suit filed against the Federal Government by the 36 State Governments over the funding of superior courts created by Section 6 of the Constitution. The States, in the suit marked: SC/655/2020, want the apex court to hold among others, that it… In "News" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has described the judgment of the Supreme Court that nullified primaries of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Rivers state, as victory for democracy and the rule of law. The party in a statement issued by its National Publicity Secretary,… In "Politics"