KATSINA – Two suspected terrorists on police wanted list have been arrested in Katsina state. The duo, Abdulrazak Salisu (32) of Unguwar Samanja village and Yahaya Lawal (35), (alias ‘KISKIS’) of Kamfanin Daudawa village, both of Faskari LGA are wanted in connection with the attack on the house of one 50-years-old Bala Hussaini, of Faskari LGA, on August 5, 2021, for armed robbery and the kidnapping of his three children, who were only released after the sum of one million nine hundred thousand naira (N1,900,000) ransom was paid. The spokesman of the Katsina State Police Command, SP Gambo Isah paraded the suspect on Friday at the Command’s headquarter while briefing newsmen on recent achievements of the command in the fight against crimes and criminalities. The suspects were said to have allegedly conspired with other suspects; Musa Mai-AK, Idi Gide, Badaru Murnai, Badaru Ibrahim, Habu Haro, Ali Danbarno, and  Ibrahim alias “Baba-Iro, now at large, to commit the crime Meanwhile, in a turn of events, the suspects who were alleged to have confessed earlier to committing the crime and belonging to the gang of notorious terrorist, Dankarami (alias Gwaska) terrorizing Katsina, Zamfara and Sokoto state, have denied involvement in the attack on the house of Bala Hussaini and the kidnapping of his three children. The duo while entertaining questions from journalists on the attack both reiterated that they were not involved in the attack. One of the suspects, Salisu, speaking in Hausa said: “Before man and God, I was not involved in the attack on Bala Hussaini’s house, though I am aware of those who attacked his house and kidnapped his children, I don’t have a hand in it. I am being falsely accused of the crime. I am a farmer. My relationship with them is that we live in the same neighborhood before they decided to move to the forest. Though time to time, they come back to the neighbourhood and disappear to the forest again.” (Vanguard) •Boko Haram terrorists Innocent civilians in Katsina and Borno states, on Friday night and Saturday, again came under deadly bandits and terrorists’ attacks, orchestrated by the bloodthirsty criminals. Though the Village Head of Mazoji ward was killed by the bandits in Katsina, it was learnt that the Nigerian Air Force… In "News" By Zubairu Idris Katsina - The Katsina State Police Command has arrested a suspected cult member, Samaila Musa, 30, for chaining and enslaving his two wives over a long period of time. The Police Public Relations Officer, SP Gambo Isah, made this known on Tuesday in Katsina. He said that… In "Metro" Kidnappers and gunmen have sustained attacks in different parts of the country abducting 75 persons and killing 18 others. In Niger State, no fewer than 50 persons were abducted in the early hours of Thursday when bandits attacked Bassa community in the Shiroro Local Government Area of the state. Nine… In "News"