As many as 17 persons died when a tanker caught fire along the Lagos-Ibadan highway in Ogun State, Daily Post reports.  The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) confirmed that the accident happened around 5 am on Friday before the Isara bridge. The spokesperson of the FRSC in Ogun, Florence Okpe, said 14 of the bodies were burnt beyond recognition, adding that the FRSC was able to identify one man, one woman and a girl. “The total number of people involved is not ascertained, but a total of 17 bodies (killed) have been identified.“One male, one female, and one female child only have been identified, while others were burnt beyond recognition and no injury sustained,” Okpe said.She added that the tanker had a head-on collision with a Mazda bus marked, ZT728 KLD.“The suspected causes of the fatal crash were route violation and dangerous driving, which resulted in a head-on collision and fire outbreak. Meanwhile, the Ogun FRSC Sector Commander, Ahmed Umar, described the crash as an avoidable one with caution and obedience to traffic rules and regulations.Umar commiserated with the families of the victims, enjoining them to contact the FRSC office in Ogere for more information about the crash.  source Eight people were killed and 15 others sustained varying degrees of injury on Wednesday in two different crashes in Ogun State. An early morning accident on the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway reportedly claimed the lives of five people, who were burnt to death. The accident, which involved a petrol tanker laden with… In "News" Sagamu (Ogun) -The Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC) in Ogun says one person died on Saturday in a road accident at Sagamu involving a fuel tanker, an articulated vehicle and a bus. State FRSC Sector Commander Adegoke Adetunji said no fewer than 11 people also sustained injuries in the accident… In "News" FRSC has confirmed the death of two persons and the destruction of six tankers, five trucks and two cars in Tuesday’s tanker explosion at Ogere on the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway. FRSC Sector Commander in Ogun, Mr Ahmed Umar, had earlier told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the tanker explosion… In "Metro"