Nigerian actress, Moyo Lawal has said she often gets addressed by fans over the roles she plays in movies. The actress and serial entrepreneur lamented how she gets questioned regularly about her role in movies. Moyo avowed that she considered quitting her movie career because “people couldn’t understand that I was just playing a character”. “Like how do I start explaining that I just read a script , when people expect me to understand what they are going through because I went through it. Even though I have in reality never gone through it.” She recalled how a fan asked how she has been coping since she lost her husband in a movie. “I can’t even start to break it down for you to understand right now, like asking me, how I am coping with losing my husband? As how? Asking me, how many places I worked as a maid before I got my big break koyemi oooh. Pardon me, asking all sorts and seeing all sorts of assumptions… my God. “Anyways, this is just a few of my characters, it was nostalgic going down memory lane and I think, it is about time I did a professional showreel (never done one before) I did include a few recent films. “Ayam not my characters jare, all you people that think, I am crazy, this, that.  Anyhow, I give up. Believe what you may.”       Mercy Macjoe, the Nollywood star, has revealed that she had the passion for acting right from childhood. But despite this, her soldier father wanted her to step into his shoes by joining the military. Now, how did she escape her dad’s rigid plot for her? And what’s her mom’s role… In "Entertainment" America-based Nigerian controversial soft-porn star, Judith Mazagwu, popularly known as Afrocandy, has been in the country for a while now. The mother of two girls is in the country to put finishing touches to her new film, Queen of Zamunda. She spoke with Vanguard's Juliet Ebirim and Iyabo Aina In… In "Style" The quintessential queen of the tube spoke candidly with LANRE ODUKOYA about her consciousness of what her status as a mother and wife demands as against what fans love to see.  From the lady who would throw all in to interpret movie roles, a lot has changed about the prolific… In "Entertainment"