Abdulrasheed Akanbi, the Oluwo of Iwo land in Osun State, has requested the support of the state government financially and logistically for his upcoming marriage to an unnamed princess from Kano State. According to a letter obtained by SaharaReporters on Friday, dated February 8, 2022, addressed to Governor Gboyega Oyetola, the monarch said the estimated amount for the event is above N20,000,000. “I have the instruction of His Imperial Majesty, Oba (Dr) Abdul-Rasheed Adewale Akanbi, the Oluwo of Iwo to notify you of the Oluwo’s decision to marry a Princess from Kano Emirate, to be precise Ado Bayero dynasty. “I wish to remind your Excellency that the kind of royal wedding within two notable traditional institutions in Nigeria will require huge expenses, which necessitate the support of state government financially even logistically. “Moreover, the estimated amount for the event is above N20,000,000. His Excellency, Oba Akanbi relies on you for necessary consideration and approval on this request,” the letter read. Oluwo had in December 2019 divorced his former wife, Chanel Chin, and since then there has been no queen in the palace. He announced his divorce in 2019 through his spokesperson, Alli Ibraheem, saying the separation was borne out of “personal irreconcilable differences.” Oluwo accused Ms Chin of filming their bedroom activities and alleged that she tried to blackmail him into giving her some money so she would not release a particular video. The controversial monarch also mocked her, saying that God Almighty who is worthy of praise will never leave his ordained servant to be scorned by enemies. He, however, didn’t go into the details of what is contained in the video. The monarch also slammed his alleged detractors, kings inclusive, for failing in their plans to pull him down. In the heat of their messy separation, the ex-queen had released a video of the monarch rolling up a joint to smoke. This was after she granted an interview accusing him of numerous vices including sleeping with their 13-year-old maid. They had met in Toronto, Canada where they both resided, long before the king’s ascension to the throne. They tied the knot after his ascendancy on November 10, 2015. The marriage produced a son named Oduduwa. In an interview published in December 2020, the monarch’s estranged wife said her marriage to the Oluwo was built on falsehood.  Source By Victor Adeoti Iwo(Osun) - Gov. Adegboyega Oyetola of Osun on Thursday said his administration would continue to ensure that every child in the state had access to good, quality, qualitative and affordable education. Oyetola spoke while inaugurating Telemu Comprehensive Middle High School and Morinu Community Elementary School in Ola-Oluwa… In "News" OSOGBO (Sundiata Post) - Governor Rauf Aregbesola of Ogun State has approved the appointment of Prince Rasheed Adewale Akanbi as the new Oluwo of Iwo. According to a statement made available to Sundiata Post and signed by Alhaji Moshood Adeoti, secretary to the Osun State Government, the appointment of Akanbi… In "News" By Akeem Abas Ibadan -  Prof. Isaac Adewole, the Minister of Health, on Saturday in Ibadan, hosted Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, Gov. Abiola Ajimobi and his Osun counterpart, Gboyega Oyetola at the wedding ceremony of his (Adewole) son. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the solemnisation of holy… In "News"