Sokoto State Governor Aminu Tambuwal and former Imo State Governor Rochas Okorocha have joined the presidential race ahead of the 2023 general election.  While Tambuwal is a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Okorocha is aspiring for the office under the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). But a former Anambra State governor and a PDP stalwart, Peter Obi, has said he would await the party’s final decision on the zoning of the presidential ticket. The main opposition currently opens the presidential field for the northern aspirants. Tambuwal, a former Speaker of the House of Representatives, announced his intention last night after a high-level stakeholders’ meeting in Sokoto. The Sokoto governor said he is not only well prepared but also ready to fix the numerous challenges the facing is facing, if elected President of Nigeria. He joins other PDP presidential aspirants, like Bukola Saraki, Dele Momodu, and Sam Ohuabunwa, who have declared their presidential ambition. Okorocha addressed reporters yesterday in Abuja about his ambition to run for the presidency. The Imo West senator said the country is facing a number of challenges that need to be addressed. “I have no other country that I can call my country apart from Nigeria. I speak to you today and my Bible tells me that out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh. Permit me not to use a prepared speech because I want to pour out my heart. “I speak with you with a high spirit because it despises little things that do not help mankind. It is called a noble spirit. My heart is filled with mixed feelings: one side is joyous and the other side bleeds. “I ran for the presidency 20 years ago. I did not succeed. Six years later, I tried and came second after Umaru Yar’Adua. In 2015, I ran and our dear President, Muhammadu Buhari, emerged. “I am not in politics for what I can get. I am in politics for what I can give. I price honour more than life and glory more than wealth. “My heart bleeds because of that boy in Maiduguri or Katsina that cannot go to school. I’m not satisfied when poverty becomes the order of the day. Many countries have tagged us as the poverty capital of the world. I don’t agree.” Obi gave the conditions that would make him join the presidential race. The PDP chieftain listed what must prevail before he declares his intention. He said: “…The party that I belong to today, the PDP, made a pronunciation and took a stand. At least, in 2019, when I was involved, where I can say (former Vice President) Atiku Abubakar graciously chose me as his running mate, which I remain eternally grateful to him for, the party decided that the candidate should come from the North. I believe that the party owes it a duty to say what their stand is.”  Source •Sokoto State Governor Aminu Tambuwal SOKOTO - The contest for the ticket of opposition Peoples Democratic Party in the forthcoming election is gathering momentum as another incumbent governor has thrown his hat into the ring. The newest entrant is Aminu Tambuwal, the Sokoto State governor. Tambuwal becomes the second serving… In "Politics" Aminu Tambuwal, the Sokoto state governor, has declared his intention to run for the highest political office, the presidency, in Nigeria come 2023.ADVERTISING Mr Tambuwal would be seeking to realise his ambition under the Peoples Democratic Party. The former Speaker of the House of Representatives made this known this evening… In "Politics" Elder statesman, Edwin Clark has called out presidential aspirants from the North to forget about their ambition for the good of the country. The leader of the Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF) made this known in a statement issued on Monday, as he called on aspirants from the north to… In "News"