By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Nasarawa State governor, Engineer Abdullahi Sule, has called on residents of the six areas councils making up the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), to turn out enmasse and vote for the All Progressives Congress (APC), in Saturday’s council polls. Engineer Sule, who is the Co-chairman of the APC national campaign council for the FCT council polls scheduled for Saturday, made the call at a grand rally which held at the Old Parade Ground, Area 10, Abuja, on Thursday. Addressing a mammoth crowd at the event, the Nasarawa State governor, said it was inconceivable for the ruling APC to concede any of the six area councils in the FCT, especially at a time when governors and stalwarts of the major opposition parties are trooping to join the APC. He pointed out that, with the entire world recognizing President Muhammadu Buhari as a sincere, honest and God fearing leader, together with the physical development projects across the country initiated by the APC federal government, the people should reciprocate this laudable development initiatives by massively voting for the APC. The governor further urged the electorates not to be enticed by corrupt politicians who will seek to buy their conscience. “When they come with their money to entice you, collect it because it was your money that was stolen. But go and vote for the APC,” he stated. Engineer Sule emphasized that the APC is a political party with a blueprint for social engineering, with social interventions such as the conditional cash transfer, tradermoni, among others, transforming the lives of the common people. He urged members of the party to see the recent court judgement as a family affair, as he assured that everybody will be accomdated. “We must ensure that APC wins all the six council areas in the FCT,” he said. Ebonyi State governor, David Umahi, chairman of the national APC campaign council for the FCT, urged stakeholders to ensure massive turn out on Saturday to elect the party. Umahi vowed to ensure that opposition parties suffer defeat on Saturday. “They are frustrated and you can see we have done our home work. You have done the home work very well, you have done the campaign, you have reached out, we have done massive mobilization,” he stated. The Ebonyi governor assured those who contested and lost out during the party’s primary election will be carried along. Also speaking, member of the national APC campaign council and former governor of Nasarawa State, Senator Umaru Tanko Al-makura, appealed to various ethnic nationalities within the FCT, to turn out enmasse and to vote the APC come Saturday. According to Al-makura, only the APC will bring about enduring progress, peaceful coexistence and development. Highlights of the event saw the national APC campaign council presents the candidates contesting for chairmanship of the six area councils, while also presenting them with the party’s flags. By Isaac Ukpoj Akwanga (Nasarawa State) - Alhaji Abdullahi Sule, All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship candiate in Nasarawa State, has lauded the peaceful conduct of Saturday’s Presidential and National Assembly polls in the state. Sule, who voted at the Motor park polling unit in Gudi, commended the Independent National Electoral… In "Politics" The Federal Capital Territory Chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party has alleged that there are plots by the All Progressives Congress to disrupt the council elections in the city, a report by SaharaReporters has shown. The opposition party alleged that the APC had planned to make use of fake security… In "News" By Harrison Arubu Abuja - The Governorship election  will not hold in seven states of the federation and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. The affected states, Anambra, Bayelsa, Edo, Ekiti, Kogi, Ondo and Osun, will not be participating because their governorship elections held… In "Politics"