A former beauty queen, rapper and actress, Munachi Abii has said beauty pageants don’t prepare the contestants for what lies ahead. Abii, who won the Most Beautiful Girl in Nigeria (2007), in an interview with Hip TV, said, “Being a beauty queen was very interesting. Unfortunately, I felt like I was thrust into the deep end (too) quick (ly). It is not just about me. I feel it’s a beauty pageant industry thing. Beauty pageants never really prepare one for what lies ahead. They just tell one to put oneself together and that’s about it. They tell one that whatever one does, one should make sure one does not disrespect the brand, at least in the first year. There is a whole lot more to it which I had to learn along the way.” Speaking on why she became a rapper, she said, “From there, I became a rapper. I always wrote music. I had friends in the music industry, so they brought me along. Typically, beauty queens are expected to be singers but I did not want to be like everybody else. I wanted to stand out and rapping was something that stood out. Till date, I have not come across any beauty queen that raps.”  (Pulse.ng)       By Olanrewaju Akojede Lagos  -  Miss Ayanfe Falana, the “Most Beautiful Girl, Eko 2016’’ on Tuesday said that the role of a beauty queen was a multi-tasking job that required energy, courage and determination. Falana, in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) at the 40th Miss Nigeria… In "News" The circumstances surrounding the birth of fast rising model and beauty queen, Kossy Okonkwo couldn’t stop her from attaining greatness. To her, winning the maiden edition of Queen Varsity Afrika beauty contest and reality show was the beginning of good things to come, and a right step in her quest… In "Interview" slamic police, Hisbah has said the parents of newly crowned Miss Nigeria would be invited for questioning for allowing their daughter, Shatu Garko to participate in the beauty pageant. TheNewsGuru.com (TNG) reports Commander of Hisbah in Kano State, Sheik Harun Ibn Sina made this known on Wednesday, describing the Miss… In "News"