Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi has congratulated the Ohinoyi of Ebiraland, Ado Ibrahim, on his 93rd birthday anniversary, describing his knowledge in rulership as a blessing to Ebira land, Kogi and Nigeria.  Bello sent his felicitation in a statement issued by the governor’s Chief Press Secretary, Mr Onogwu Muhammed on Monday in Lokoja. “On behalf of my family and the good people of Kogi, I am extremely delighted to extend warm felicitations to your majesty on this landmark occasion of attaining the age of 93 in good health. “Your Majesty, your wealth of knowledge, wisdom and fatherly counsels have greatly helped me steering the ship of Kogi state over the past six years of my administration. “Unarguably, Ebiraland has witnessed unprecedented peace, unity and development under your reign over the past 25 years that you ascended the throne of your forebears as the Ohinoyi of Ebiraland. “As you clock 93 years today, may the Almighty Allah grant you longer life and more wisdom in good health, to keep serving your people and even the nation at large,” he said.P The governor called on the traditional ruler to accept his sincere congratulations and happy birthday wishes. “Once again, happy birthday Your Majesty, Zaaaaki! Zaaaaki!! Zaaaaki”, Bello stated. Ibrahim, born on the Feb. 7, 1929, succeeded Alhaji Sanni Omolori on June 2, 1997 as the Ohinoyi of Ebiraland.  (NAN) •Dr. Ado Ibrahim, Ohinoyi of Ebiraland The Ohinoyi of Ebiraland in Kogi State of Nigeria, Dr. Ado Ibrahim will host prominent personalities, traditional rulers and high profile religious leaders on Sunday, April 25 when the first ever Ebira translated Holy Qur'an is publicly presented.The public presentation will climax over 15… In "Metro" Lokoja - The Chief Imam of Ebiraland, Alhaji Musa Galadima, has died in the early hours of Friday at the age of 98 years, the News Agency of Nigeria reports. Galadima, who was turbaned Chief Imam about 55 years ago, died in a private hospital in Abuja. He would be… In "News" ABUJA - The House of Representatives on Tuesday, intervened in the dispute over ownership of limestone deposit between Ohinoyi of Ebiraland, Alhaji Ado Ibrahim in Kogi, and Okpella, in Edo. The motion on the issue which came as a matter of Urgent National Importance, moved by Rep. Abubakar Momoh (SDP-Edo),… In "News"