It’s almost difficult to keep count of the number of endorsements given to the ex-senate President and former SGF, Anyim Pius Anyim as he throws in his hat for the 2023 presidency. Given his years of political experience and exploits in the public service, Anyim Pius has left his mark on the sands of Nigerian politics and many high profile stakeholders still believe that he is capable of accomplishing a whole lot more. During his 61st birthday celebration on 19 February, where Anyim unveiled his “Greater Nigeria” vision, many big players in the Nigerian political space replied to his vision casting by playing witnesses to his unique leadership qualities. Majority proceeded to imply their confidence in his ability to deliver a greater Nigeria. According to the Former President of Nigeria, Olusegun Obasanjo, in the past, Anyim received the opportunity to lead the Senate and he managed the opportunity effectively. In his goodwill message to Anyim, Namadi Sambo, the former Vice President of Nigeria stated that Nigerian leadership requires a person of integrity, commitment and hard work, and these are some of the qualities that describe Anyim Pius Anyim. Also, Former Senate President, Senator David Mark commended Anyim for never being disappointing in the delivery of his duties and always putting the nation first. Former Kano state governor, Rabiu Kwankwaso speaking through Alhaji Mohammed only had words of regard and respect for Anyim Pius. “Anyim is a leader who cares and understands what the needs of the people are”, he said. He ended by wishing him well as God prepares him for a higher national assignment. Other dignitaries like Former President, Goodluck Jonathan, former Gov. Attahiru Bafarawa of Sokoto State, former Senate President Adolphus Wabara, Chief Mike Ozekhome (SAN) and many others spoke in high regard of Anyim and acknowledged his suitability for the Nigerian presidency. •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim ABUJA - Former Senate President, Anyim Pius Anyim on Tuesday received the endorsement of the the National Assembly caucus and leaders of the People's Democratic Party (PDP) on his 2023 presidential bid. The PDP caucus members and leaders from across the six geo-political zones of Nigeria,… In "Politics" •Senator Adolphus Wabara (left) and Senator Anyim Pius Anyim at the occasion •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim and Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe at the occasion The 2023 presidential aspiration of former Senator President, Anyim Pius Anyim receivef a major boost on Tuesday as anotherformer president of the Senate, Chief Adolphus Wabara and… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Today, 6th January, 2022, His Excellency Senator Pius Anyim Pius, met with us the Zonal and State Executives of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) as well as selected political leaders and elders from across Abia, Anambra, Ebonyi, Enugu and Imo States, making up the five states… In "Top Stories"