NEWLY-CONFIRMED National Commissioner for the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), South-South, Prof. Rhoda Gumus, has denied membership of any political party including the All Progressives Congress (APC). She has, therefore, called on a rights group, Concerned Nigerians Group (CNC), and two other online news platforms to retract an alleged libelous publication which claimed that she was a card-carrying member of the APC. A publication by the rights group, published by two online news platforms, alleged that Prof. Gumus, who was nominated as a National Commissioner by President Muhammadu Buhari, was a card-carrying member of the APC. President Buhari had written to the Senate, seeking the screening and subsequent confirmation of some national commissioners and Resident Electoral Commissioner for INEC. A letter by her lawyers, Adams Fasingha and Co., said the publication had caused the professor an embarrassment and eroded her dignity in the society. The letter signed by the Managing Solicitor, Adams Fasingha, reads in part: “That our client is a Professor of Chemical Engineering at the Niger Delta University, Wilberforce Island, Amassoma, Bayelsa State. “That our client is non-partisan and does not belong to any known political party in Nigeria, including the All Progressive Congress (APC). “That because of the academic track records of our client, the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari, nominated her as commissioner for INEC sometime in December, 2021 and forwarded same to the National Assembly for confirmation. The major opposition party in a statement on Monday described the development as a coup against democracy. The PDP statement signed by the party’s National Publicity Secretary, Hon. Debo Ologunagba said it is clear Gumus is a card-carrying member of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) which should have automatically… In "News" Daily Trust reports that the Senate on Wednesday confirmed the appointment of six nominees as National Commissioners, and one other as Resident Electoral Commissioner for the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). The confirmation followed the consideration of a report by its committee on INEC, chaired by Senator Kabiru Gaya (APC,… In "News" Despite the Senate’s rejection of the nomination of Lauretta Onochie as Commissioner of the Independent National Electoral Commission, the Presidency on Tuesday reaffirmed its confidence in her. A Presidency source told The PUNCH, “The fact that President Muhammadu Buhari — who made the nomination — had not chosen to withdraw… In "Politics"