The new Commissioner of Police for Katsina state, Idrisu Dabban on Friday assumed duty at the police headquarters, warning criminals in the state to turn a new leaf. He said operatives of the command would come for them if they ( the criminals) refuse to heed his warning. He made the declaration while speaking with newsmen shortly after he resumed at the police headquarters. Dabban declared, “My advice for criminals in the state is to turn a new leaf. If you don’t, we shall come for you. Crime, in whatever form, does not pay.” The Police Commissioner sought the cooperation of residents of the state, imploring them to always give police and other security operatives information about criminals in their various communities. He stressed, “If all of us cooperate, we shall jointly win in the current efforts at tackling crimes in the state. It is because of this that I implore residents of the state to always avail us with intelligence about criminals in their communities. Together, we shall win the war against crimes in the state.” PDP sets date for Katsina council primariesDabban paid tributes to his predecessor in office, AIG Sanusi Buba, describing him as “a brother, colleague, and friend we are all proud of, because of his commitment to work and his display of professionalism”. IBADAN -  The Oyo State Commissioner of Police, Mr Muhammed Katsina, has called on the people of the state to report any suspected criminal activities to the command. Katsina made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Ibadan on Sunday He assured that the… In "News" By Moses Omorogieva /Mateen Badru Lagos - The Commissioner of Police in Lagos, CP Zubairu Muazu, on Thursday expressed the Command’s readiness for a hitch free elections in the state. The CP assured that all black spots in the state state were under serious check. Muazu told newsmen on Thursday… In "Metro" Ijebu-Ode (Ogun) - The Commissioner of Police in Ogun, Mr Abdulmajid Ali, has warned hoodlums and criminal elements to steer clear of the state or face the wrath of the law. Ali gave the warning when he visited the Awujale of Ijebuland, Oba Sikiru Adetona, at his palace in Ijebu-Ode… In "News"