Nigerian striker, who plays for Leicester City Football Club in England, Kelechi Iheanacho, has indicated interest to give back to Nigerian society by establishing a football academy in partnership with the Ugwumba Center for Leadership Development in Africa. This was contained in a statement by the centre headed by Uche Nwosu, Candidate of Action Alliance in the 2019 Imo State governorship election, and son-in-law to a former governor of Imo State, Rochas Okorocha. The statement read, “This cheering news is the outcome of a partnership meeting the ace footballer had with the President of the Ugwumba Leadership Center, Ugwumba Uche Nwosu in London, recently. “This project is in line with our objectives of taking Nigerian youths out of the streets and making them useful to themselves and their immediate societies. To achieve this, we continuously develop and implement programs in various sectors of the economy that enable youths actualise their God-given potential and talents. “Therefore, a partnership with the football King, Kelechi Ihenacho will enable us to prepare and export more of our talented footballers to the world.” Uche Nwosu was quoted as commending the international footballer for the laudable initiative. (Punch)       •Uche Nwosu Yesterday, the Supreme Court gave a ruling, which beyond ending the Ugwumba Uche Nwosu well-deserved and popular governorship candidature for 2019 electoral season, may have also guaranteed a full and uninterrupted four years tenure to the present governor of Imo State, Chief Emeka Ihedioha. His Excellency Ugwumba Uche… In "Opinion" A son-in-law to a former governor of Imo State, Uche Nwosu, has been released less than 24 hours after he was whisked away during a church service at his hometown, Eziama Obieri in the Nkwerre Local Government Area of Imo State, by masked police operatives. Nwosu in a statement issued… In "News" Abuja （Sundiata Post）- Crisis brewing in the Imo State House of assembly may have escalated following the Assembly’s endorsement of Governor Rochas Okorocha’s son-in-law, Uche Nwosu, as a governorship aspirant in 2019. Nwosu is currently the Chief of Staff in the Government House. The House Committee Chairman on Petroleum, Imo… In "Politics"