Prof. Babatunde Ogunnaike, one of the five authors of Nigeria’s national anthem is dead.The Ijebu Igbo, Ogun State indigene passed on at the age of 65.  Educationist and publisher Gbenro Adegbola confirmed his death on Tuesday, The Nation reports.Other co-authors of the anthem were John Ilechukwu, Eme Etim Akpan, Sota Omoigui, and P.O. Aderibigbe.Born on March 26, 1956, Ogunnaike attended the University of Lagos for his bachelor’s degree, graduating with first-class honours in chemical engineering in 1976.He bagged a master’s degree in statistics from the University of Wisconsin-Madison and a PhD in chemical engineering also from the same university in 1981.He was a research engineer with the process control group of the Shell Development Corporation in Houston, Texas from 1981 to 1982.The educationist joined the University of Delaware in 2002 and was appointed to the William L. Friend Professorship of Chemical Engineering in 2008.Ogunnaike acted as interim dean of the College of Engineering at the University of Delaware beginning in July 2011 and was named dean of the College of Engineering effective July 1, 2013.He retired as Dean on October 1, 2018, but remained on the faculty.  Source Nigerian Grammy-nominated artiste, Damini Ogulu also known as Burna Boy has disclosed that sitting for interviews makes him very uncomfortable more than going on a tour. The singer made this known in an interview with Nigerian-American entertainment journalist Lola Ogunnaike, where she sheds new light on the often reserved artist,… In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe Abuja - American country rapper, Lil Nas X has expressed interest in working with upcoming Nigerian artist, Seyi Ogunnaike. Lil Nas X has enjoyed globally acclaimed success following the release of his breakout single ‘Old Town Road’ featuring Billy Cyrus, which climbed to number one on the… In "Entertainment" By Diana Omueza   Abuja   -     Mrs Bisayo Busari-Akinnadeju, Founder, Project One, Civil Society Organisation (CSO), says the organisation will award scholarships to students in recognition of the composers of Nigerian National Anthem. Busari-Akinnadeju restated in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja… In "News"