Resident doctors in Ogun have commended the state government for stabilisng the health sector, particularly for implementing the Federal salary scale for its members.The doctors, under the aegis of Association of Resident Doctors, Olabisi Onabanjo University Teaching Hospital (OOUTH) Chapter, Sagamu, also hailed the government for ensuring their welfare and placements.They gave the commendation on Wednesday during a courtesy visit to the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Mr Tokunbo Talabi.Led by its Chairman, Dr Bukola Olushiyan, they contended that the Gov. Dapo Abiodun-led administration had motivated the doctors to further reduce medical brain drain.“We, resident doctors are now paid at par with our colleagues in the federal tertiary hospitals just as the government had been responsive and spontaneous in ensuring placements of new doctors for improved service delivery.’’ He praised the government for the recruitment of 84 new resident doctors and its significant role in ensuring the success of the recently held Annual General Meeting of the association.Responding, Talabi said no society or organisation could thrive in an atmosphere of rancour, noting that diplomacy and dialogue were keys in conflict management.“No matter the crises or issues that we may have, we are convinced that the only solution is to end it at a round table, as the present administration is committed to dialogue for peaceful resolutions,” Talabi said.He advised the new executives of the association to explore dialogue in managing their internal issues or challenges and pledged government’s continued commitment to the welfare of the doctors and other workers in the state.  (NAN) Eniola Akinkuotu, Adelani Adepegba, Dayo Ojerinde, Deborah Tolu-Kolawole, Armstrong Bakam, Olufemi Olaniyi, Daud Olatunji, James Abraham, Bola Bamigbola and Abiodun Nejo 9 August 2021. The Federal Government has mandated all chief medical directors in teaching hospitals across the country to open attendance registers with a view to stopping salaries of… In "News" By Ihechinyere Chigemeri-Uwom ABA - The Southeast Caucus of National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) have called for improved healthcare infrastructure in the South-East region. They decried the deplorable condition of state-owned hospitals in the region and its degenerative effect on healthcare delivery. Dr Chikezie Obasi, the Leader of the… In "Health" By Olabisi Akinbode   Ibadan   -     The President, Association of Resident Doctors, University College Hospital (UCH) Ibadan branch, Dr Olusegun Olaopa, said the eight day- old strike embarked upon by the doctors has been called off. Olaopa said this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on… In "News"