The federal government says it’s collaborating with South Korea to address Nigeria’s unemployment issues, especially among the youth and women. Chris Ngige, Minister of Labour and Employment, said this while receiving the Ambassador of the Republic of Korea in Nigeria, Kim Young-Chae on Tuesday, in Abuja. Mr Ngige said the era of white collar jobs was no more, that blue collar jobs were now being created, especially in the technical field and agriculture. Nigerian Millionaire Reveals: How to Get Rich with Bitcoin, Without Buying BitcoinNigerian Millionaire Reveals: How to Get Rich with Bitcoin, Without Buying BitcoinDaily Finance | SponsoredNigerian Millionaire Mom Exposes How to Become Rich Without Leaving HomeNigerian Millionaire Mom Exposes How to Become Rich Without Leaving HomeDaily Finance | Sponsoredcredit iconHe urged the Republic of Korea to assist Nigeria in agriculture, which has enormous capacity to boost the foreign exchange base of the country. Mr Ngige said the collaboration would explore opportunities in the agriculture sector and help in jobs creation and ease off the unemployment pressure in the country, especially among the youth and women. He said the development of agriculture sector through collaboration would assist Nigeria in developing foreign exchange base and reduce spending the nation’s limited resources in importing food. Mr Ngige stated that products made by Korean companies enjoyed high patronage in Nigeria, including phones, loud speakers and electronics. He, therefore, appealed to the country to reciprocate Nigeria’s patronage by getting some of their raw materials from Nigeria to ensure a balance of trade between the two countries. While commending South Korea for establishing skills acquisition centre in Kogi, he urged that the gesture be spread to other geopolitical zones. He called on South Korea to support Nigeria’s clean energy programme, to save resources wasted from burning oil and gas for the generation of electricity. The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Zainab Ahmed, says Nigeria’s economy remains the largest in Africa with over N400 billion in Gross Domestic Product (GDP). The minister said this at a town hall meeting on Tuesday in Abuja on the federal government achievements in infrastructure development. Ms Ahmed… In "Business" By Joan Nwagwu Abuja -  The Federal Government says it will partner with the Republic of Korea to enhance job creation in the area of technical and vocational education. Sen, Chris Ngige, Minister of Labour and Employment, disclosed this when he received the Republic of Korea Ambassador to Nigeria, Maj.-Gen.,… In "Business" By Stanley Nwanosike   Ifitedunu    -   The Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige, says the Federal Government will use certificated skill acquisition to fight unemployment and idleness among Nigerian youths. Ngige said this on Sunday at the palace of Igwe Chukwuemeka Ilouno, Traditional Ruler of Ifitedunu Community of… In "News"