The Nigerian military have been given a warning by Shehu Sani, former Kaduna Central Senator.  This is as 104 fighters loyal to Islamic State West Africa Province, ISWAP, surrendered to the military in Borno State. Sani, however, warned that the military should closely watch the surrendered ISWAP fighters. In a tweet, the socio-political critic said the former ISWAP fighters should be guided based on past bitter experiences. According to Sani: “The report of the surrender of 104 ISWAP fighters and their families in Damboa, Borno State is good news.“However, they must be closely watched and guided based on some previous bitter experiences. The efforts of our military in the fight against terrorism is appreciated.” Military authorities had disclosed that the ISWAP fighters and members of their families surrendered to the 25 Task Force Brigade of the Nigerian Army in Damboa, Borno State. The military said 22 males, 27 females and 55 children surrendered, stressing that they took the decisions following persistent troops’ operations. In a post on its official Facebook page, the military said the deadly assaults on the terrorists forced the fighters and their families out of their hiding.  Source No fewer than 720 deadly Boko Haram fighters have surrendered to the Borno State Government from the swathe of forests in Sambisa and Cameroon in the last two months, The Nation investigation has revealed. About 92 of the fighters were among the 840 who surrendered in Cameroon and returned to… In "News" Abuja - Some members of the Boko Haram and elements of Islamic State of West Africa Province (ISWAP) and their families have laid down their arms and surrendered to troops of the Nigerian military. The terrorists that surrendered were those who hitherto hibernated around the fringes of Sambisa forest, their… In "Top Stories" Over 1,500 persons who have so far surrendered to troops of the Nigerian military in Borno State, are members of Boko Haram and not the Islamic State of West African Province (ISWAP) terrorist sect, PRNigeria has reliably gathered. PRNigeria had reported how top commanders, fighting insurgents of Boko Haram-ISWAP and… In "Top Stories"