Nigerian music legend, Onyeka Onwenu, who turned 70 a few days ago, has opened up on past struggles and why she left her marriage. The elegant stallion as she is called by her fans and admirers, in an interview with media personality, Kikilomo Atanda-Owo, said although she did not want her marriage to end, it would have killed her if she stayed. She revealed that her marriage was difficult and was not good for her and her children. She said: “I went through my marriage, it was difficult because I really did not want my marriage to end but I could not take it anymore, it would have killed me. “I always say this and that is the truth. It was not good for the children to live in that kind of environment where the mother is depressed, the mother is carrying the weight of the whole family.” “I raised my children from kindergarten to Masters Degree. “My husband didn’t pay school fees for one day, didn’t buy clothes, didn’t pay for holidays, didn’t give me housekeeping money, hard to believe. Onyeka Onwenu, whose estranged husband had remained a mystery over the years reportedly married a Yoruba Muslim in 1984 and they were blessed with two children. The music icon said men will have to answer to God if they neglect their families. “That’s mean, irresponsible, wicked, even to your own children? Forget about the wife, the children. “And I decided to write about it because women, we keep quiet for too long. We take so much and you’re dying. “And once I opened up, I felt this relief that a lot of women who read it would say, thank you for talking about this. ‘We know now that we ought to free ourselves.” Though she said she doesn’t support divorce, Onwenu said if it must happen, it should be done peacefully. The ace Nigerian singer and actress, Onyeka Onwenu, has finally opened up on her connubial relationship, revealing that she got married to a Yoruba Muslim in 1984. The mother of two children, who had always kept her intimate life private, brought this revelation to light in ‘My Father’s Daughter’, her… In "Entertainment" Veteran Nollywood actress, Rachael Oniga has advised young girls to fight for their marriage despite challenges The single mother of three in an interview with Punch regretted that she didn’t fight for her marriage despite his husband’s plea for forgiveness before his death. According to her, divorce was one of… In "Entertainment" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Nigerian actor, Emeka Ike has opened up on the court dissolution of his marriage to his ex wife, Suzanne, staying it was a “Kangaroo judgment”, as he didn’t sign any document and neither he nor his lawyer was in court. Sundiata Post recalls that… In "Top Stories"