Senator Rochas Anayo Okorocha has been ordered to temporarily forfeit his property in Abuja which he allegedly acquired illegally.  The order was given by Federal High Court sitting in Abuja today, Thursday, February 24, 2022. The property is at Plot 1032 & 1033 Cadastral Zone AO3, Takum Close, Off Michika Street, Ahmadu Bello Way, Garki Abuja. Justice Emeka Nweti gave the order while ruling on a motion ex-parte brought by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, pursuant to section 44(2) of the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999 (as amended), and section 17 of the Advance Fee Fraud and Other Fraud Related Offences Act No. 14 2006, seeking the forfeiture of the property on the grounds that it was acquired illegally. The Commission stated that its investigation had revealed that sometime in 2018, Abtisal Global Ltd and Archivisual Solution Ltd, companies in which Okorocha is believed to have interest, received N222, 000,000 from the Imo State Government Treasury to develop and improve on the said property In the ruling, the court directed that the interim forfeiture order be published in the national dailies, alerting anyone with interest in the property to show cause why it should not be forfeited to the Federal Government of Nigeria Justice Nweti adjourned till April 13, 2022, for consideration of the motion for final forfeiture of the property.  Source A High Court sitting in Owerri presided over by Justice F. Njemanze has granted an application filed by Louis Alozie (SAN), seeking interim forfeiture of all properties allegedly illegally acquired by immediate past Governor, Senator Rochas Okorocha. The suit, with case No. HOW/191/202, had the former Governor’s wife, Mrs. Nkechi… In "News" A Federal High Court, sitting in Abuja, has ordered the final forfeiture of 60 buildings illegally acquired by a former Deputy Commandant of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, Adenike Bintu, to the Federal Government. Bintu was said to have defrauded over 1,000 persons, who subscribed to her housing… In "Top Stories" A Federal High Court, sitting in Abuja, has ordered the final forfeiture of 60 buildings illegally acquired by a former Deputy Commandant of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, Adenike Bintu, to the Federal Government. Bintu was said to have defrauded over 1,000 persons, who subscribed to her housing… In "News"