UK-based rapper Olukayode Odesanya aka Kida Kudz has revealed he has been suffering depression for two years “nonstop”. Kida Kudz made this known in a series of posts on Twitter. The 26-year-old rose to fame at 15 after winning the second edition of the Peak Talent Show in 2010. According to the father of two, in a now-deleted tweet, he’s tired of fighting every day in a world where no one cares. He, however, reached out for help, seeking therapy in another post. In an additional post, he expressed relief after his initial tweets attracted reactions from his fans. He subsequently urged his fans to stay happy no matter the condition they pass through. The tweets read: “Been suffering from depression for two years none stop (sic). I’m putting myself out there God. Heal me. “Any therapist memberz out here? Get in contact pls. “Tired of fighting myself every day in dis cold world that no one gives a f**k. I’m standing strong still but I’m tired yo. “This might make me pu**y but I would rather share with you guys the same people that I drop music for. “I’m going to cry all day. “Im good you guys . Feel better abit after Letting that out. “No matter the condition you gotta stay jiggy.” (Thenation)  Abuja - The avoidable leadership crisis rocking the Nigeria Basketball Federation (NBBF) is telling on the federation’s sponsorship portfolio, according to Musa Kida, NBBF president. Kida stated this in his welcome address at the 2019 NBBF Annual General Meeting (AGM) and Stakeholders’ Forum on Saturday in Abuja. The NBBF president… In "Sports" JOHANNESBURG - World record holder Wayde van Niekerk said he would not defend his 400-metres title at this month’s World Championships in Doha as he has yet to recover from a knee injury. The Olympic champion suffered the injury while playing a charity touch rugby game in October 2017 and… In "Sports" Up and coming singer and former housemate of Big Brother Africa 2014, Tayo Fadiran, has replied backlash on the social media for his performance at the Big Brother Naija Sunday Live show. The former housemate had performed alongside Iyanya at Big Brother Sunday live show to his new Singles, ‘No… In "Entertainment"