Armed soldiers on Tuesday open fire over the presidential palace in Guinea-Bissau, according to media reports and confirmation by the regional body ECOWAS. The soldiers took over the residence of President Umaro Sissoco Embaló on Tuesday afternoon with heavy gunshots that reportedly left several people injured. At least two people were reportedly killed in the February 1 attack that took place as a cabinet meeting was underway, according to social media accounts. It was not immediately clear whether those injured were those participating in the coup or those attempting to defend Mr Embalo and his cabinet members, whose location remained unknown as of Tuesday evening. ECOWAS quickly reacted to the development, condemning it and ordering the soldiers to return to the palace. “ECOWAS condemns this coup attempt and holds the military responsible for the physical integrity of President Umaro Sissoco EMBALO and members of his government,” the statement issued from Abuja said. The incident came barely a week after soldiers arrested the civilian president in Burkina Faso and subsequently seized power. BISSAU - After weeks of political turmoil including violent protests, an alleged coup attempt and the emergence of two competing prime ministers, Guinea-Bissau is holding a presidential election on Sunday that many hope will usher in a semblance of calm. The vote will pit President Jose Mario Vaz against old… In "Foreign" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Prime Minister,  Umaro Sissoco Embalo of  Guinea-Bissau's  has tendered his resignation in a bid to end a two-year political crisis in the poor west African nation. Umaro Sissoco Embalo Guinea-Bissau has been in the throes of a power struggle since August 2015, when President Jose Mario Vaz… In "Foreign" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The man appointed interim president of Guinea-Bissau by the side beaten in the December presidential election has stepped down because of death threats, less than two days after being nominated. “Given the death threats against me and my bodyguards, I have decided to give up the… In "Top Stories"