Former Kaduna Central lawmaker, Senator Shehu Sani has stated that he can never be friends with Kaduna State Governor, Nasir El-Rufai. He spoke in an interview with Daily Trust over the weekend. The governorship hopeful disclosed that he and El-Rufai come from different political backgrounds, hence the reason they cannot be friends. The People Democratic Party (PDP) chieftain asserted that El-Rufai comes from the neo-liberal capitalist philosophical order while he is from the leftist socialist background. Sani claimed that he had not been to the Kaduna State Government House in the four years and didn’t meet with the governor during his time as a lawmaker. The former lawmaker accused APC governors of being emperors who want to dictate to the party and to every member what to do. He said: “The person who is in charge of the Kaduna government and I come from different political backgrounds. From what I can say, he is from the neo-liberal capitalist philosophical order and I come from the leftist socialist background. “I believe right from after he was sworn in, I have never seen him up to today, except the day he came to condole me when my mother died; three days after which he went to the media to insult me. “So, virtually I have not been to the Kaduna State Government House for four years and we never even sat at the same table for the four years I served as senator. It was very clear that governors who emerged in the APC became emperors, they want to dictate to the party and to everyone. If they like you, you are a member of the party and if they don’t, you cannot be a member of the party. “I can’t belong to that kind of association where I have to be subservient, to surrender my conscience, my conviction for one person to sit you down and dictate what he wants. “I understand in the political spectrum of Nigeria, if you want to survive, most times, you keep your mouth shut when things are going wrong and you accept things even if they are not right. I cannot be a senator who will not go to the floor of the National Assembly and speak for my people simply because I don’t want to embarrass the state or federal government. “  SOURCE As the senator representing Kaduna Central, Shehu Sani, failed to get the re-nomination ticket of the All Progressives Congress last week, not a few looked for blood in the hands of Governor Nasir El-Rufai. His pitchfork is never far from him. When El-Rufai fights, he doesn’t use his size or… In "Opinion" El-Rufai Has Failed In Kaduna, Cannot Contest For President In 2019 – Shehu Sani In "Top Stories" Senator representing Kaduna Central Senatorial District, Shehu Sani, has admonished his State Governor, Nasir El-Rufai to shelve his presidential ambition because “he has failed woefully.” Sani, who gave the call in a statement he issued on Wednesday, also lambasted El-Rufai for allowing kidnapper take over the state, despite accusing President… In "News"