Ghanaian actress Juliet Ibrahim has called out a certain category of men who only decide to get married after they discover that their girlfriends are pregnant. The movie star made this known via her Instagram Stories. “I find it quite confusing and offensive that most guys nowadays will only propose and think of proposing to a woman when she says she is pregnant,” she wrote. “So you will be chopping somebody’s daughter for months and years and it won’t click that she is wife material all these years and months but only when she says I’m pregnant that you will now remember that she is fit to be a wife.” The actress disclosed that this particular trend has made a lot of women smarter about ways to settle down. “No wonder many guys are getting trapped with pregnancy upandan by these girls that understand men with such mindset. It’s like everyone is playing a game everywhere I turn now. What’s happening to this generation. Anyway, what do I know?” Ibrahim is a Ghanaian actress, film producer and singer of Lebanese, Ghanaian and Liberian descent. She won the Best Actress in a Leading Role award at the 2010 Ghana Movie Awards for her role in 4 Play. She has been referred to as the “Most Beautiful West African Woman” according to A-listers Magazine.     Actress Juliet Ibrahim has finally revealed how she found out that her ex Iceberg Slim was cheating on her with a girlfriend of 4 years. In the interview with Delay, the Ghanaian actress stated that she had doubts about Iceberg, reason she made the relationship public. The actress went on… In "Entertainment" Ghanaian actress, Juliet Ibrahim has dragged a Ghanaian TV presenter, one Akuko Perming over the comments she made about her failed marriage with ex-hubby Kwadwo Sofa. The gorgeous actress, who took to her Instagram page @julietibrahim to express how she felt, also shared a photo of the TV presenter with… In "Entertainment" Priscilla Osaje Abuja - Ghanaian actress, Juliet Ibrahim says she is set to give love a chance in 2020, hoping it works out for her this time. The renowned actress made this known on her Instagram page, where she prayed that her next relationship would be the one she had… In "Relationship"