By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The National Assembly will continue to work with the executive arm of government to lift the country’s aviation sector to the global best practices. This was the submission of the joint committees of the Senate and House of Representatives on Aviation during oversight visit to the Accident Investigation Bureau, (AIB) and the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA) in Lagos on Thursday. The duo of Senator Smart Adeyemi and Honourable Nnolim Nnaji, Senate and House Committees’ Chairmen on Aviation who lead the National Assembly members on the visit, promised to continually engage the Ministry of Aviation and the aviation agencies to ensure that the success achieved so far was sustained. The National Assembly members who inspected facilities of the two agencies in Lagos on Thursday were impressed with the progresses that have been made in the sector in the lasts couple of years and stressed that, ” as legislators we will continue to collaborate with the Ministry and the agencies to give our people the best reliable aviation industry “. They commended the two chief executives for their display of knowledge, skill and mastery of the industry describing them as square pegs in square holes. The Senate and House Committees’ leaderships equally frowned at the increasing problems of flight delays and cancellations across the country stressing that the developments were taking tolls on businesses. The two chairmen declared that, “situations where Nigerian travelers are constantly subjected to constant long waits at the airports on account of flight delays and cancellations will no longer be tolerated”. Senator Adeyemi and Honourable Nnaji disclosed that the committees of both chambers have resolved to invite the chief executives of the relevant aviation agencies and the airlines to discuss the way out of the mess. “We need to know what the problems really are and see how to get out of ithem. All you keep hearing is that the flights are delayed due to operational reasons. We want to what those reasons are”. They declared.. The oversight continues tomorrow with visits to the Nigeria Civil Aviation Authority, (NCAA) and the Nigerian Meteorological Agency, (NIMET) on Friday. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has assured the airline operators that the National Assembly will ensure that the Aviation sector is protected and supported.Lawan stated this in a welcome address delivered when executives of the Airline Operators of Nigeria paid a visit… In "Top Stories" By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja -   The Minister of State, Aviation, Sen. Hadi Sirika, has said that the Federal Government was committed to attract increased trade and inflow of Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) into Nigerian aviation sector. Sirika stated this during the Fourth Aviation Stakeholders’ Forum on Thursday in Abuja.… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - House of Representatives is spearheading a major reform of the nation's international airports in support of the Federal Government's Ease of Doing Business, (EODB) initiative that will usher in a single security screening point for arriving and departing passengers. This followed the outcome… In "Top Stories"