Nigerians in Germany under the aegis of the Nigerian Union have declared their support for the Chief Whip of the Senate, Sen. Orji Kalu as their preferred candidate for president in 2023. A statement issued on Monday in Abuja by Orji Uzor Kalu Media Office, said that the group endorsed Kalu at a dinner held in Frankfurt Germany in honour of the former governor of Abia. According to the statement, the group cited Kalu’s national acceptance and governance expertise as reasons for endorsing him to replace President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023. The group also promised to galvanise more support for Kalu in view of his record achievements and ability to unite the country. According to the group, we have carried out extensive research on Orji Kalu and other aspirants and discovered that his record achievements as a governor and in the 9th Senate stands him out. “Orji Uzor Kalu’s detribalised character will unite the nation and also foster peace and unity which the nation desperately needs,’’ the statement said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that various pro-democracy groups have cited Orji Kalu’s leadership qualities and astute entrepreneurial skills as part of reasons why they are endorsing him to join the presidential race. They said that aside the basis of equity, justice and fairness in the quest for an Igbo man to become president, there was also the need for a progressive and corrective leadership. The former governor of Abia whose posters flooded major cities of the country, visited President Muhammadu Buhari recently over intentions to vie for presidency in 2023. A group in the northern part of Nigeria under the auspices of Arewa Youths for Orji Uzor Kalu has expressed support for the Chief Whip of the Senate, to become the next president of the country. The group made its position known in a statement jointly signed by the National… In "Politics" The Arewa Youths Consultative Forum, AYCF, has stated that the North will not cede the presidency in 2023 to the South. According to Vanguard, the President of the AYCF, Shettima Yerima made this known in an interview on Tuesday. Yerima said it irritates the entire North for some southern politicians… In "News" Abuja - Two supporters of the Chief Whip of the 9th senate and former governor of Abia State, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu have instituted a suit at the Bauchi State High Court-3, asking the court to compel him to join the 2023 presidential race. The suit was filed by Comrade… In "Top Stories"