By Diana Omueza Abuja – Some voters in Dobi Ward of Gwagwalada Area Council, have appealed to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to extend voting time in the FCT Area Councils Poll, to allow them cast their votes. The voters spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Saturday in Dobi, Gwagwalada, saying that the use of Biomodal Verification Accreditation System (BVAS) had slowed down the accreditation and voting process. Mr Sule Agada, a business man, said that no matter the time spent on the queue, he must cast his vote for his preferred candidate. “No matter how long it takes, I must cast my vote and make sure that I watch as my vote is being counted. “The INEC officials cannot leave here if we don’t vote, because the problem is not from us but from them,” he said. Mr Jubril Balarabe, a farmer, said that the voters appeared more prepared than INEC officials. “The people came well prepared for the election, but INEC is discouraging us with the slow process of accreditation, because as you can see, the queue is well organised. “Women are on their side, while men are on their sides too, but yet the voting process has been slow and we must vote. Mrs Hussana Hussan, a petty trader, said that she was willing to stay on queue until the last person on the queue was attended to. “I will wait with my sisters and brothers until the process is finished,” she said.Other voters however, lauded INEC for the early arrival of materials, but called for solutions to the BVAs hiccups. NAN reports that as at 11.30a.m., about 350 voters had cast their votes at polling unit 001 and 002 in Dobi.(NAN) By Mustapha Sumaila Kwali (FCT) - Voters in some polling units in Kwali Area Council of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) have expressed enthusiasm in spite of the late commencement of accreditation and voting in the area. A News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) correspondent reports that as at 8.55 a.m.,… In "Politics" ....As Anambra poll continues today  Awka - Three top contenders in the yet-to-be concluded Anambra State governorship election, which commenced on Saturday, have won their respective polling units. This was prior to the announcement by the Independent National Electoral Commission that voting would continue on Sunday (today).The extension was due… In "Top Stories" Abuja  -  Voters and party agents in Gwagwalada have commended the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for conducting a smooth election in the area council. Some of the voters, who spoke to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) lauded the new initiative of the commission for voters to cast their… In "Politics"