The Nigerian Export Promotion Council (NEPC) has called on exporters to take advantage of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA) to stimulate the country’s economic growth. NEPC Executive Director Mr Ezra Yakusak disclosed this at a sensitisation workshop on eligibility criteria and documentation for AGOA organised by the Council in Owerri on Monday. Daily Sun recalled that the AGOA is legislation approved by the US Congress on May 18, 2000, for a 15-year tenure to assist the economies of sub-Saharan African countries by providing duty-free treatment to over 6,400 goods from the target countries. The President Barack Obama-led government however signed into law the Trade Preferences Extension Act 2015, extending AGOA and other critical US preference programmes by 10 years. Yakusak, who was represented by senior staff of the NEPC, Mr Peter Njoku, expressed disappointment that more than 20 years after the enactment of AGOA, Made-in-Nigeria products were yet to be seen in major malls in the US. ” With less than four years to the end of the AGOA Act, Nigeria’s non-oil sector must optimise the benefits of the legislation by leveraging on any available opportunity because there is huge potential in the US market”, he said. Speaking, NEPC’s Trade Promotion Advisor in Imo, Mr Anthony Ajuruchi, described the AGOA as a “great window of opportunity to increase Nigeria’s export to the US. He urged operators of Micro, Small and Medium-Scale Entreprises to take advantage of the AGOA to showcase Nigeria to the rest of the world. Also speaking, the Imo Commissioner for Commerce and Industry, Mr Simon Ebegbulam restated the state government’s commitment to the provision of an enabling environment for economic activities to thrive in the state. He added that the state government, in collaboration with the UN Industrial Development Organisation, was producing an industrial policy that would recognise the comparative advantage of all local councils and their peculiar needs. By Toyin Onigbanjo Lagos - The Nigerian Export Promotion Council (NEPC) on Monday urged the Federal Government to generate more Forex under the African Growth Opportunity Act (AGOA). Mr Babatunde Faleke, Southwest Coordinator, NEPC, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that Forex could be earned through the… In "News" Lagos -Members of the Organised Private Sector (OPS) on Wednesday urged the U.S. to improve on the African Growth Opportunity Act (AGOA) programmes to leverage African maximisation of the intercontinental economic policy. They told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that AGOA had not been particularly successful in… In "News" Abuja   -   Mr Olusegun Awolowo, Executive Director, Nigerian Export Promotion Council (NEPC), has identified 13 National Strategic Export Products (NSEP) targeted at replacing crude oil. Awolowo told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja on Tuesday that the NSEPs were also to shore up the country's foreign… In "Business"