Ahead the 2023 general elections, the National Secretary All Progressives Congress (APC) Aspirants Forum, (APCAF) Hon. Yusuf Sheriff Banki,has assured that the party has provided opportunities for youths to participate in governance in the country. Hon. Banki, who spoke through his Publicity Secretary, Hon. Olufemi James Urray in Abuja said there is need to ensure that every part of the country is given the sense of belonging by ensuring a power shift to the south come 2023. According to the national secretary, Nigeria belongs to everybody and rotation of power ought to be adhered to for equity and justice. “The APC is the only party that has provided the opportunity for young people to participate in governance. “If you go round in the six geo political zones in the country you will see that most of the zonal officers of the party are young people. This shows that more young people have identified with the party, to support the party in the forth coming 2023 general elections. On the issue of zoning of the presidency to a particular part of the country, Banki said the country belongs to everybody and as such power should be rotational for equity and justice. “The country belongs to everybody and you cannot say Nigeria belongs to just one set of people, and though, it is not constitutional, I think if you want to talk about reality, after every eight years, the power should be in every zone because Nigeria does not belong to northerners alone, it doesn’t belong to southerners alone. “So we do eight years in the north, the south suppose to do their eight years for equity and justice. So that everybody would have the sense of belonging,” he said. …advices party leaders to divest power to youths to sustain legacies By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has said that the All Progressives Congress (APC) may face challenges after the exit of President Muhammadu Buhari from office in 2023, except timely interventions are taken to avert… In "Column - Tuesday" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has chided President Muhammadu Buhari and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) for attempting to parade themselves as the architects of the ‘Not Too Young to Run Act, which was sponsored and pursued by the PDP members in the… In "Local News" The youth wing of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has asked the party’s leadership to quickly step and prevent the crisis from consuming the party ahead of the 2023 general elections. The opposition party’s youths wing under the auspices of PDP National Youth Movement said Nigerians will not forgive the… In "News"