By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has  formally flagged-off construction of the 55Km Makurdi-Yogbo-Udei-Udei Branch road. Performing the flag-off ceremony Thursday, February 24th, 2022 in Makurdi, Governor Ortom acknowledged the socio-economic benefits of the road to the people of Makurdi and Guma Local Government Areas. He stated that his administration views the road construction as another fulfilment of government social contract with the electorate to bring a new lease of life to more Benue people particularly rural dwellers. The Governor acknowledged the quality of jobs executed by the construction company handling the project, Triacta Nigeria Limited and urged them to maintain the tempo by executing the project in line with best standards and specifications. He appealed to villages and communities through which the road passes to cooperate fully with the contractor, saying they should own the project by protecting both equipment and personnel engaged. Commissioner for Works and Transport, Engineer Jude Uungwa said the road which is to be constructed to first coat surface dressing links Mbagwen and Nyiev communities of Ihyarev extraction in Makurdi and Guma Local Government Areas. The construction of the 55Km road, which costs N5.1 billion is to be executed within 24 months and the contractor had been fully mobilised to commence work as was evidenced in the progress of work done so far. The contractors, Triacta Nigeria Limited while speaking through Engineer Georges Doumit said the job will be executed speedily and qualitative as well with the support of the Governor and security agencies. He stated that prior to the award of the contract, the road was impassable in 2019 with burnt bridges, pointing out that it was terrible to go from end to end as it took them over six hours to traverse through in assessing the road before the contract was awarded. Governor Ortom stated that the ongoing construction of the 55 Ikyov-Utange-Mbagwaza-Mbagba-Lessel and the 41Km Abuku-Jingir-Tyogbenda-Wombo-Ugah-Iortsor roads and the just completed Wannune-Ikpa-Igbor road are manifestations of government commitment in opening up rural roads to enhance socio-economic activities. By Emmanuel Antswen Makurdi - The Benue government on Monday reeled out the achievements of Governor Samuel Ortom’s administration in the last four years as part of activities to mark the governor’s 58th birthday. Mr Tahav Agerzua, Special Adviser to the governor on Media and Information Communication Technology (ICT), in… In "Top Stories" By Emmanuel Antswen Makurdi -   Gov Samuel Ortom of Benue on Monday said the Federal Roads Maintenance Agency (FERMA), was ineffective in its operations. Ortom told newsmen at the Benue People’s House in Makurdi that the agency had proven over the years to be ineffective and needed to step… In "Top Stories" After War Of Words, Wike, Ortom Embraces In "Politics"