The Olufaki of Ifaki-Ekiti, Oba Adegbenro Falore, on behalf of sons and daughters of the community, has congratulated Ekiti Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi on his 57th birthday.  Oba Falore in his congratulatory message on Thursday,said Fayemi at the helms of affairs of Ekiti, has justified the confidence reposed in him by the people. The Oba explained that some road projects which included, abandoned Ado-Ekiti to Iworoko -Ekiti and Iworoko-Ekiti to Ifaki-Ekiti that was ongoing as well as Ekiti cargo airport among others, had positioned the state for greater heights. Falore commended Fayemi for restoring the values of Ekiti through qualitative education. He noted that Fayemi with his leadership qualities as the Chairman, Nigeria Governors’ Forum(NGF) had drawn Federal Government presence to the state. “Fayemi with his position as chairman of NGF and supports of distinctive members of National Assembly from Ekiti, facilitated the Nigeria Law School, Ifaki-Ekiti Campus, the University of Medicine, Iyin-Ekiti, among others,” he said. The Oba assured the governor of his people’s continued support for his administration’s five point agenda, aimed at putting the state in a global map. The royal father prayed that God would continually grant him more wisdom and good health in service to the state and Nigeria as a whole.  NAN By Martha Agas Jos - The Northern Governor’s Forum (NGF) has congratulated the Chairman, Nigerian Governors Forum, Gov. Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti State, on his 55th birthday. This is contained in a congratulatory message issued by the Chairman of NGF and Governor of Plateau, Simon Lalong, and signed by his… In "Politics" By Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti - Chief Segun Oni, the immediate past Deputy National Chairman (South) of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief Segun Oni, has been suspended indefinitely from the party. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Oni, who was also a forner governor of Ekiti,  was… In "Politics" Gov. Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti on Friday signed the state’s 2022 Appropriation Bill of N100.7 billion into law, promising to consolidate on the gains of the last three years of his administration. Fayemi, while signing Bill tagged: “Budget of Legacy and Consolidation” in Ado-Ekiti, said it had a percentage ratio… In "Business"