The All Progressives Congress is in the process of informing the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) about it upcoming February 26th convention.  According to Tribune, the national caretaker body is writing the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to notify it of the coming exercise, as demanded by the Electoral Act. The “Notice” from the Mai Mala Buni-led caretaker leadership is being awaited at the headquarters of the electoral body today. A national newspaper first reported the chief press secretary to INEC chairman, Rotimi Oyekanmi, on January 7 as saying the governing party was yet to notify the electoral body of the exercise. Section 85 (1) of the Electoral Act says, “A registered political party shall give the commission at least 21 days notice of any convention, congress, conference or meeting convened for the purpose of electing members of its executive committees, other governing bodies or nominating candidates for any of the elective offices specified under this Act.” As days clocked on the planned convention, anxiety had heightened among the party faithful that the exercise might be truncated if the legal demands were not fulfilled or met. With the “Notice” for submission today, the Buni committee is five days clear of the deadline set by the guiding provision to fulfill the condition. INEC officials are expected to monitor the exercise.  Source The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has now been notified by the ruling All Progressives Congress about its upcoming national convention to hold on February 26. The notification letter, dated February 2, 2022, with reference number APC/NHDQ/INEC/19/022/14, was addressed to the Chairman of the electoral body, Prof. Mahmoud Yakubu. The… In "News" Abuja - The ruling All Progressives Congress(APC) has shifted the timeline for conduct of its congresses and national convention, The Nation can authoritatively report. No new date was fixed for the two crucial exercises. The initial timetable released by the party fixed sale of the nomination form for Ward Congress… In "Top Stories" There are strong indications that the All Progressives Congress is in a dilemma over the zoning of the 2023 presidency. The PUNCH gathered on Sunday that although the party was looking southwards to pick its presidential candidate, there was a strong possibility that it could still throw the race open… In "Top Stories"