The Infrastructure Concession Regulatory Commission (ICRC) said, Thursday, that the Onitsha River Port would serve as an alternative source of transporting goods to the South East from Lagos, Port Harcourt and other areas with adequate water connectivity. The 30-year concession, approved by the Federal Executive Council, under a Rehabilitate-Operate and Transfer (ROT) arrangement, targets a revenue generation of N50 billion. The approval followed a detailed process under the regulatory guidance of the Infrastructure Concession Regulatory Commission (ICRC) which commenced in 2011 with support from the World Bank, the a statement by the Acting Head, Media and Publicity, Mr. Manji Yarling, in Abuja. The Onitsha River Port was officially opened over three (3) decades ago but has been neglected and not been optimally utilized. The port is one of the 4 inland ports in the country with others situated in Lokoja, Kogi State; Baro in Niger State and Oguta in Imo State. Yarling said, “This concession is part of the bigger Federal Government’s plan to concession the remaining river ports and enhance inland waterways transportation in the country. “The 30-year concession is expected to generate over N50 billion to the Federal Government and create thousands of direct and indirect jobs, while facilitating more efficient trade within the country through cheaper, easier and cleaner methods of transporting goods and services.” “The Port is equipped to deal with general cargo such as containers, bulk cargo and other packaged freight. The Port has a land area of over 12 Hectares.” “The wharf is 324 meters long with a further provision for additional expansion of 234 meters. The Port also has facilities such as storage workshops and parking areas to cater for operations.” By Lucy Nwachukwu Abuja  The Infrastructure Concession regulatory Commission (ICRC) has reiterated commitments to ensure the success of Public Private Partnership (PPP) in the country. Mr Chidi Izuwah, Acting Director-General of ICRC, disclosed this at the Fourth Quarter 2017 PPP Units Consultative Forum on Thursday in Abuja. Izuwah also commended… In "News" Lagos -  The Director-General, Infrastructure Concession Regulatory Commission (ICRC), Mr Aminu Diko said that Public Private Partnership (PPP) remained the best option to finance infrastructure gap. Diko stated this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on the sideline of a two-day monitoring by ICRC of the… In "News" By Lucy Nwachukwu Abuja -   The Infrastructure Concession Regulatory Commission (ICRC), said it presented two Outline Business Case (OBC) compliance certificates to the Minister of Power, Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola to boost infrastructure in the country. Mrs Manji Yarling, Acting Head of Communications of ICRC, in a statement… In "Top Stories"