The Federal Government has set in motion a plan to resolve the disagreement it currently has with the Academic Staff Union of Universities.  Recall that the refusal of the government to resolve the agreement forced ASUU to embark on a one-month strike. The Minister of Education, Adamu Adamu, yesterday, announced the setting up of 21 panels to draft the whitepapers for the reports of visitation panels earlier sent to Nigerian tertiary institutions to review their activities. ASUU had demanded the release of whitepapers on the reports of the panels constituted by President Muhammadu Buhari in April 2021 to visit 88 tertiary institutions across the country. It lamented that many months after the submission of reports to the government, the whitepapers were yet to be released. The panels, which were constituted based on ASUU’s request, submitted their reports to the education minister in August 2021. While receiving the report, Mr. Adamu, who was represented by the Minister of State for Education, Chukuwuemeka Nwajiuba, promised that government would give adequate attention to the recommendations contained in the reports. The union, after its two-day National Executive Council (NEC) meeting at the University of Lagos (UNILAG), Akoka, began the four-week warning strike to protest the non-implementation of a 2009 Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) reached with the government.  Source By Chinyere Nwachukwu Lagos, - The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has called on well-meaning Nigerians to caution the Federal Government to honour its agreement with the union to forestall further industrial crisis in the nation’s tertiary education sector. The union’s President, Prof. Biodun Ogunyemi made the call in… In "News" By Joan Nwagwu Abuja, - The Academic Staff Unions of Universities (ASUU) has finally suspended its the three months old strike. Prof. Biodun Ogunyemi, ASUU National President said this while addressing newsmen after a two-hour closed door meeting with the Minister of Labour and Employment, Sen Chris Ngige, on Thursday… In "News" By Akeem Abas Ibadan -   The Academic Staff Union of Universities(ASUU), Ladoke Akintola University of Technology(LAUTECH), Ogbomoso, has called on the two owner state governments to release the visitation panel report on the institution. This was contained in a statement  issued  by its Chairman, Dr Biodun Olaniran, and made… In "News"