The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has gotten an order to detain suspended Deputy Commissioner of Police, Abba Kyari for 14 days. The order was given by a Federal High Court in Abuja on Tuesday.  The court granted permission to the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) to hold the embattled Kyari for the period to enable the agency to complete its investigation into the hard drug trafficking allegations against him. Justice Zainab Abubakar issued the order for Kyari’s further detention while ruling in an ex-parte application argued by the NDLEA counsel, Mr Mike Kassa. The NDLEA had, in the application, pleaded for more time to detain Kyari on the ground that the hard drug trafficking allegations against the suspect were complex and may require the agency travelling outside the shore of the country to make some clarifications. The counsel asked the court to grant the detention extension in the interest of justice and to be fair to the suspect too through diligent investigation. In a short ruling, Justice Abubakar ordered that Abba Kyari be detained for another 14 days. The judge however ordered that the 14 days further detention should start counting from February 22.  Source The federal government has been taken to court by detained Deputy Commissioner of Police, DCP Abba Kyari. He took FG to court to the Federal High Court in Abuja challenging his continued detention by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), according to DailyPost. In the suit marked FHC/ABJ/CS/182/22, Kyari… In "News" Disgraced DCP Abba Kyari has cried before a court that his health has deteriorated since his arrest and detention by the National Drug law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA. This comes after Kyari took the Federal Government to court seeking his release. Kyari was arrested last week arrested and handed over to… In "News" •Suspended DCP Abba Kyari ABUJA - The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), has declared the suspended head of the Police Intelligence Response Team (IRT), DCP Abba Kyari, wanted over alleged drug offences. NDLEA spokesperson Femi Babafemi made the announcement during a press conference in Abuja on Monday. He said… In "Top Stories"