Residents of Angwan Malam Tukur in Naraguta community, Jos North Local Government Area of Plateau, have decried the poor state of roads in the area.  The Leader of the community, Mr Suleman Lawal, who said this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday in Jos, called for government intervention. According to Lawal, the only access road in the community is in a sorry state, which has caused hardship to residnts.He said that the over two kilometres road in the community if constructed would address some of the security challenges currently bedeviling the area.Lawal said that it would also promote agricultural activities and in turn boost the revenue profile of the state. “One of our major problems is the lack of access roads, our roads are not motorable and this is really affecting economic activities.“We are largely farmers, but the lack of good roads is affecting us because we can’t easily move our farm produce to the markets.“So, we call on the government to construct this road to ease our hardship and improve Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) of the state. “It will also address some of the security challenges we are facing and as well open up the community for other business ventures,’’ he said.Lawal, who also decried the absence of electricity in the community, urged government to provide such essential amenities to ameliorate their suffering.  NAN By Ishaq Zaki   Gummi (Zamfara)     -       The Senate Committee on Works has commended Zamfara Government for the re-construction of Federal Government roads in the state. The Chairman of the Committee, Sen. Kabiru Gaya made the commendation in Gummi, Gummi Local Government Area of the… In "News" Abuja - Some farmers at Tingno rice plantation Community in Lamurde Local Government Area of Adamawa have called for access road to ease movement of farm produce to the market. Tingno is one of the major rice producing areas of the state but lack access road and other social amenities.… In "News" By Lucy Osuizigbo and Kazeem Akande Lagos -   Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode of Lagos State on Tuesday announced the commencement of Phase III of the Traffic Intervention Plan in the Ketu-Alapere area, to provide alternative route for residents and take pressure off the Ojota Interchange. Ambode spoke at the inauguration… In "News"