Nollywood actor, Yul Edochie has played down on the opinion that Nollywood movies are the causes of incessant ritual killings in the country. The actor and son of a legend, Pete Edochie bare his mind via Instagram while reacting to a call by the House of Rep to declare a state of Emergency over ritual killings in the country. Yul said the reason for the rise of ritual killings is due to the high level of hunger and poverty faced by Nigerians. He urged the government to find a lasting solution to the suffering of the people. Yul said: “From when I was a kid in the eighties, I started hearing about ritual killings in Nigeria. There was no Nollywood. Hunger and poverty make people to do crime. No be Nollywood cause am, Nollywood is only showing what happens in the society”. Going further, Yul stated: “Nigerians are wallowing in extreme poverty. A hungry man is an angry man. Fix the country and crime will go away, don’t blame Nollywood. “Frustrated people use sniper to commit suicide, the remedy is to fix the reason for the frustration not ban sniper.” (Thenation)      In honour of the 70th birthday anniversary of the Nigerian film icon, Pete Edochie, we take a look at his landmark achievements, recognitions and why he is regarded as one of Africa’s greatest actors. An actor’s actor, Pete Edochie shot into prominence in 1987 when he played the lead role… In "News" Nollywood actor Yul Edochie has admitted that Nnamdi Kanu is a hero. The celebrity however added that the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) leader, is grossly misunderstood. The 39-year-old shared a picture of Kanu in an Instagram post on Friday. He said he chose to celebrate him even though it’s… In "Social Media Feeds" Priscilla Osaje Abuja - Nollywood ace actor, Yul Edochie, has urged people to desist from showcasing fake love, but celebrate people more when they are still alive. The renowned actor took to his twitter page @yuledochie to express dissatisfaction over people’s attitude to death and their refusal to celebrate the… In "Entertainment"