President Muhammadu Buhari Saturday in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, said Nigeria will continue to pursue peace and progress in Africa, and other parts of the world, by consistently pushing for justice, fairness and inclusiveness in global affairs. In a sideline meeting with the Prime Minister of Palestine, Mohammad Shtayyeh, at the ongoing African Union meetings, President Buhari said the country remains unwavering in supporting democracy, development and good governance, particularly in ensuring the rights of individuals and institutions. A statement issued by the Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity Chief Femi Adesina, quoted Buhari as saying, “As a country we are doing our best, and we will continue doing our best to ensure justice and fairness.” The President assured the Palestinian leader that Nigeria will be “consistent” in pushing for peace and progress, while upholding the tenets of justice. In his remarks, the Palestinian leader noted that the situation in the Middle East, particularly relations with Israel, had deteriorated over the years, adding that the world needs to know the facts. Shtayyeh thanked President Buhari for his leadership role in the continent. “Your Excellency, we thank you for your wisdom. We need it more now. “Please continue to stay well and healthy, because we need your wisdom,” he said. uary 5, 2022 •Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom ABUJA - Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has accused the Presidency of having murdered justice, fairness and equity in Nigeria, thereby creating room for separatist agitations, adding that without justice, there can be no peace in the land. He stated that he is prepared, explaining… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has cautioned those who are against former Vice President Atiku Abubakar’s decision to seek redress in court over alleged rigging of the 2019 presidential election, as doing so may lead to violence. According to Obasanjo, “Those who have conceived… In "Top Stories" By Ike Abonyi We will not learn how to live together in peace by killing each other’s children. – Jimmy Carter When the unity of a country is at the centre of every political discourse, that country should watch it. If the intention of political agitators is either to distract… In "Opinion"