By Emma Ogbuehi The serene atmosphere in Abia State may have been shattered last night going by reports filtering in that gunmen on Tuesday night killed many persons during an invasion of the newly constructed Abia cattle market in Omumauzor in Ukwa West local area of Abia State. TheNiche gathered that the attack took place midnight on Tuesday. It is not yet clear who was behind the attack or the motive. As at the time of filing this report, the casualty figure is not also known. But the Abia State government is aware of the attack. When TheNiche called the Abia State officials on Wednesday, they pleaded for time, saying they were already working on a statement. “Please, give us about 30 minutes. We are working on a statement. We will get back to you soon. But the story is true,” said one commissioner who pleaded anonymity. Another commissioner quipped: “The story is true. We have been monitoring the situation since last night. It is a sensitive situation and we don’t want to raise tension. We will come out with an official reaction.” Asked if the government knows those behind the attack, he said it was too early to say. “We don’t want to speculate. Let the security agencies do their work. But whoever is behind this senseless attack does not mean well for our people,” he said. TheNiche gathered the midnight attack kept the villagers apprehensive. It was also gathered that security operatives have taken over the area to maintain law and order.(TheNiche) Across the world, 100 days is usually marked by public officials.  It is an occasion to showcase achievements during the period and highlight plans for the future. It is only four days to 100 days since the current Service Chiefs took office on January 26, 2021, precisely 96 days. So… In "Top Stories" UMUAHIA - Residents of Bende road in Umuahia, capital of Abia State, woke up on Tuesday morning to a sight of a fetish object in front of the Police Area Command. A visit to the scene revealed the object placed in the area where human and vehicular movements have been… In "Metro" Seven persons were on Tuesday reported killed on the outskirts of Makurdi, the Benue State capital, following fresh hostilities between two communities over land. Radio Nigeria Harvest FM station in the area has been shut and staff sent home for fear of being caught in the crossfire. Houses were set… In "News"