ABUJA – Seun Onigbide, the co-founder and CEO of BudgIT, a Nigerian civic tech organisation, has suggested raising ₦10 billion through crowd funding for the presidential campaign of former Anambra State governor Peter Obi. Although Peter Obi has not formally declared for the presidency, he has, however, said he would be willing to contest if the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) decides to pick its candidate from southern Nigeria. Onigbinde said crowd funding a Peter Obi campaign will change the “dynamics” of Nigeria’s heavily moneyed politics. “A ₦10bn GoFundMe for Peter Obi will be [a] great starter for those who want [to] crowdsource Nigeria’s next leader. This will change the dynamics with the space hijacked by moneybags,” Onigbinde tweeted on Tuesday. Onigbinde’s tweet has gained over four thousand likes as of press time as many of his followers supported the idea. However, the idea of crowd funding Obi’s campaign did not appeal to some. The PDP has not publicly decided to pick its candidate from any part of Nigeria. But some of its most popular candidates are from the North and South-East. Sundiata Post recalls that from the South-East, where Peter Obi hails from, former Senate President, Anyim Pius Anyim, in December 2021 declared his intention to contest the 2023 presidential election. His declaration has since received endorsement and positive comments from South-East leaders.Anyim, who is also a former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, has also received backing of some northern groups. From the North, former senate president Bukola Saraki, former speaker and current governor of Sokoto State Aminu Tambuwal, both from the North, have already declared for presidency. Atiku Abubakar, a former vice president to whom Obi was a running mate in the 2019 general election, is expected to run again despite his age. He is opposed by Bauchi State governor, Bala Mohammed who advised the former vice president to support a younger candidate. Obi said he is grateful to have been chosen as Atiku’s running mate in the 2019 election, which was won by President Muhammadu Buhari, and that he will not oppose PDP’s choice of where it picks the 2023 presidential candidate from. “At least in 2019 when I was involved, where I can say Atiku Abubakar chose me as his running mate, for which I remain grateful, the party decided that the candidate should come from the North. “And I believe that the party owes it a duty to declare their stand. If it’s stand today is South, be rest assured I am aspiring, if it says North, I can’t do otherwise or the party may decide to chose the option that everybody is free with and then, you will hear from me,” the former Anambra governor said. By Bolaji Buhari Lagos    -    A former governor of Cross River State, Mr Donald Duke, on Tuesday said he would still take a shot at the presidency, if the opportunity presented itself. Duke spoke at a programme, “The Nigerian Symposium for Emerging Leaders ‘’, held in Lagos. He said though… In "Top Stories" The Co-founder of pro-transparency group, BudgIT, Mr Seun Onigbinde, says youths have yet to take advantage of the ‘Not too young to run’ law because partisan politics in Nigeria is too expensive and there is power inequity. Onigbinde said this during the Independence Day PUNCH Live programme on Friday while… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A coalition of 20 Southeast human rights groups has described as selfish and self-serving the attitude of Southeast PDP leaders who met in Enugu on Saturday to oppose the choice of former governor of Anambra State, Peter Obi as running mate to PDP presidential candidate in… In "Top Stories"