The Federal Capital Territory Chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party has alleged that there are plots by the All Progressives Congress to disrupt the council elections in the city, a report by SaharaReporters has shown.  The opposition party alleged that the APC had planned to make use of fake security agents to arrest some of its members ahead of the local government elections scheduled for February 12. This was contained in a statement by chairman of the PDP in the area, Sunday D. Zaka. The party also accused the APC of planning to mobilise thugs from Nasarawa Toto, Gadabuike and other neighbouring towns of Kogi and Niger states ahead of the elections with the aim to disrupt the area council elections. The party called on President Muhammadu Buhari and the international community to prevail on APC and call the party to order. The statement reads, “It has become necessary that we call this urgent meeting. Our aim is to support the system by what we are doing right now and also deepen the shores of democracy in our nation. “However, in the build up to next Saturday the 12th February, 2022 local government elections in the FCT, our intelligence network have reported some appalling findings and we have deemed it fit as a law abiding and democratic party to notify the general public and as well as the international community concerning the elections. “There is an underground plan to use fake security agents to arrest and detain prominent members and stakeholder of our party ahead of the February 12 elections. “We are not taking this likely because the same scheme was deployed in the last 2019 election but failed due to the display of professionalism by the heads of security operatives in the FCT and now this same satanic plan by the opposition is resurfacing, but we believe strongly it will fail again.” The party called on all security formations in the FCT and those that would be deployed for the purpose of the election not to allow the desperation and gimmicks of APC ruin the relative peace and security in the FCT. “It baffles us as a party that the national ruing All Progressives Congress has drafted a list of governors from states across Nigeria for an ordinary local government elections that is meant for the grassroots citizens and we are asking what motive could be behind the APC importing some of these governors with questionable character and knowledge of electoral violence to supervise the FCT Area Council election. “In as much as we have confidence in the electoral umpire under the leadership of Prof Mahmoud Yakubu, we are concerned that the importation of questionable character by APC could have sinister motive against the elections. meaning the APC party is out to cause intimidation of voters. “We want to say the essence of elections is to allow the will of the people prevail against all odds. Let anybody who has interest in leading the people seize the ballot opportunity and lead the people and not result in clandestine strategies in an attempt to subvert a democratic process. “But because we know the APC has lost touch with the people at the grassroots and would be rejected at the poll hence their desperate plot to deploy the measures of subverting the process and win at all cost but the people of the FCT are resolute to come out in their numbers to vote for PDP and defend their votes,” the statement added.  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Presidential candidates of the two leading political parties In the February elections In Nigeria were apprehensive as results of the Presidential and National Assembly elections began trickling in from across the nation. Leaders of the  APC were particularly upbeat  at the strong showing… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Presidential candidate of Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, has expressed confidence that he is coasting to victory in the election. He also denied allegations by the ruling party that his camp recruited thugs to disrupt the election, wondering why the PDP would do so… In "Top Stories" ILORIN (Sundiata Post) - The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Kwara State has accused the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) of institutionalisation of bloodshed and violence with the formation of PDP War Council (PWC) ahead of the forthcoming general elections while calling on the Inspector-General of Police, Suleiman Abba, to… In "News"