Nigeria’s number one man, President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of two personal aides for the First Lady, Aisha.Presidential spokesman, Garba Shehu, announced this in a statement on Saturday.According to the statement, A’isha Rimi will serve as Senior Special Assistant to the President on Legal Matters Office of the First Lady.  Buhari also named Zabah Muhammad Jawa as a Personal Physician to the First Lady.The statement reads, “A’isha Rimi, a law graduate of the University of Buckingham in England, is appointed as Senior Special Assistant to the President on Legal Matters, Office of the First Lady. “A’isha is a resourceful administrative executive and a founding partner at Africa Law Practice, a commercial law firm in Nigeria.”The President has also approved the appointment of Dr Zabah Muhammad Jawa as Personal Physician to the First Lady. “Dr Jawa is a Senior Consultant in Nuclear Medicine and European Certified in Nuclear Medicine.”He is a Fellow of the College of Radiologists of Nigeria and Fellow of the South African College of Nuclear Physicians. “The development comes amid the ongoing shakeup at the Presidential Villa.Buhari had earlier on Saturday named Muhammad Zorro as Senior Special Assistant to the President on Public Affairs and Strategy, Office of the First Lady.  Source President Muhammadu Buhari has approved with effect from 11th February the disengagement of Zainab Kazeem, the Special Assistant to the President on Domestic and Social Events, Office of the First Lady.The Senior Special Assistant (SSA) to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, announced this in a statement issued… In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has approved renewal of the appointments of 12 non-career ambassadors, assuring Nigerians of fairness in representation and inclusiveness in all matters of governance. Malam Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, confirmed this in a statement in… In "Top Stories" The retired major general also stressed on “unity and solidarity among all citizens, Muslims and Christians”, adding that these virtues are imperative “especially at a time when our country is faced with multiple challenges which are surmountable only when we come together as one”. Significantly, The PUNCH observed that today… In "News"