The United States Embassy in Nigeria on Tuesday said it’s expanding its services to assist qualified nonimmigrant visa applicants.  It stated that it commenced a visa interview waiver programme with the pilot project commencing at the US Consulate in Lagos for applicants. Speaking during a press conference on Tuesday at the US Consulate in Lagos, the US Mission Country Consular Coordinator, Susan Tuller, noted that the project was no-interview visa renewals. Tuller stated that it would be limited initially and applied only to applicants for academic exchange, work, study and tourist visas seeking renewal. According to her, every eligible applicant must have a previous visa that expired within the last 24 months or will expire in the next three months from the date of application. She stated, “This is not a non-immigrant visa interview waiver process known as the ‘dropbox.’ The new application procedure will begin in February at the U.S. Consulate in Lagos and will be extended shortly thereafter to the U.S. Embassy in Abuja. The number of qualified applicants who can apply using the new procedures will be limited initially. Applicants who meet the criteria may apply in Lagos until the service is extended to Abuja. ” She said the ‘drop box’ system didn’t achieve its intended goals because it was fraught with “fraud, high overstay rates” whereas the consular unit aimed at strengthening “border security, productivity and customer service.” Visa set to launch central blockchain system for digital currenciesOn Tuesday, May 14, 2019, the embassy indefinitely suspended interview waivers for renewals, otherwise known as the ‘Dropbox’ process. It insisted then that applicants in Nigeria seeking a non-immigrant visa to the US must apply online and would be required to appear in person at the US Embassy in Abuja or US Consulate General in Lagos to submit their application for review. In March 2021 when reports were rife that the suspension had been lifted, the embassy faulted the news, adding that the suspension stood.  Source  By Vivian Ihechu Lagos - The U.S. Embassy says effective from the close of business on Tuesday, May 14, the U.S. Mission to Nigeria will indefinitely suspend interview waivers for visa renewals, otherwise known as the “Dropbox” process.According to it, visa applications will no longer be accepted by DHL in… In "News" The United States mission has said that it was prioritising immigrant visa applicants in Nigeria affected by the travel restrictions under Presidential Proclamations 9645 and 9983 signed by former President Donald Trump last year. This followed the Presidential Proclamation signed by President Joe Biden on January 20, 2021, titled, ‘Ending… In "Foreign" Abuja- The U.S. Embassy in Abuja and the Consulate in Lagos received more than 220,000 non-immigrant visa applications between Oct. 1, 2013 and Sept. 30, 2014 The Consular Chief of the embassy, Ms Stacie Hankins, disclosed this while responding to questions from newsmen on the new visa procedures on Tuesday… In "Foreign"