Filmmaker Ugezu Ugezu has decried the absence of a digitalized data management system in Nigeria, which he claimed has led to lots of challenges in the country. Sharing a collage of Tinubu, Onyeka Owenu and Charly Boy with their ages attached, the filmmaker stated that “people in public offices wake up anytime they feel like and change their dates of birth” because there’s digitalized data management system in Nigeria. He also said that people from other nations freely walk in through the porous borders and become Nigerians with alarming ease because of absence of a data management system. Ugezu Ugezu further averred that Nigeria is managed by heartless politicians wallowing in greed. The filmmaker wrote; Because politicians in Nigeria have consistently refused to evolve a proper computerized, pure digitalized data management system in Nigeria, people from other nations freely walk in through the porous borders and become Nigerians with alarming ease. People in public offices can wake up anytime they feel like and change their dates of birth. In Nigeria as managed by heartless politicians wallowing in greed, “EVERYTHING GOES.”   Pesidents of border communities team up with smugglers to thwart efforts of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) to curb illegal entry of contraband into the country, Comptroller-General of the service, Col. Hameed Ali (retd.), has alleged. Ali told the House Committee on Customs and Excise yesterday that the indigenes feel… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The President of the Sente, Ahmad Lawan on Tuesday met with heads of security and paramilitary agencies and tasked them to do more to checkmate smuggling of petroleum products out of Nigeria. In attendance at the meeting were the Comptroller General of Nigerian… In "News" Abuja  - The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO) says it trained over 68 directors of the Non-Formal Education on the Nigerian Education Management Information System for improved mass literacy. UNESCO’s Project Coordinator, Revitalising Adult/Youth Literacy in Nigeria Alice Ateh-Abang made the disclosure in an interview with the… In "News"