By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate has called on the Federal Government to, as a matter of urgency, declare a State of Emergency on the nation’s federal roads. The upper chamber, also urged the federal government to immediately make good its indebtedness to FERMA in order to enable the agency carry out its primary responsibility of rehabilitating federal roads, especially in the face of the astronomical increase in airfares. These were resolutions reached on Tuesday by the Senate, following a point of order raised to draw its attention to the increase in airfare and the implication for Nigerian roads. Rising under Order 41 and 51 of the Senate Standing Orders, Senator Gershom Bassey, lamented that local airfares in Nigeria have risen by 63 per cent in response to a spike in the price of aviation fuel and attendant cost of operation. According to him, the rise in airfare has pegged the minimum Economy Class ticket at around N80,000 for travellers buying a one-hour, one-way economy tickets. He expressed worry that the increase in airfares would increase the pressure on the neglected and dilapidated Nigerian roads and further worsen their state. The lawmaker noted that the Federal Roads Maintenance Agency (FERMA) had a budgetary approval of just 20 percent of the funds the agency requires for the rehabilitation of about 35,000km of federal roads in 2022. Bassey observed that the sum of about N850 Billion naira that is to accrue to FERMA by virtue of the 5 percent User charge on pump price of petrol, diesel and international vehicle transit charges provided for in Section 14 of FERMA (Amendment) Act No.18 of 2007 is still being owed FERMA by the Federal Government. “The humongous debt owed FERMA by the Federal Government has hampered the effective discharge of FERMA’s primary responsibility of road maintenance and rehabilitation”, he said. LAGOS - The Sabre Travel Network (STN), an aviation service provider on Thursday warned the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA), to be wary of recent reduction in airfares by some domestic airlines. The President of STN, West Africa, Mr Gbenga Olowo, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos… In "Business" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has urged the Federal Ministry of Finance to, as a matter of urgency, release adequate funds to the Federal Road Maintenance Agency (FERMA) for the purpose of carrying out emergency repairs on all federal roads in the country.  This was even… In "Top Stories" The Senate on Tuesday in Abuja met behind closed doors with Ministers of Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola, Muazu Sambo on issues relating to non remittance of user charge from the price of petroleum products to the Federal Roads Maintenance Agency (FERMA). The user charge from price of petroleum as… In "News"