Earlier in the year, DSF, reported that her car was stolen by a driver, whom she employed through an agency. According to her, the guy stole his car and then transferred it to someone else in the North to get it sold, who in turn stole the car for him. Eventually, she got to recover the car in Niger, through the help of the Nigeria police department. Although it cost a lot of money, she glad she got her baby back. The London-born Nigerian actress shared the news via her social media page. In her words; UPDATE ?So I got my car back! Long story short I hired a new driver through an agency, omo the bastard registered with fake documents & is a professional thief, he stole my car after 2 days. He passed the car onto someone to sell for him in the North who then STOLE the car from him & went to sell it in Niger????? Thank you to Nigerian police – IRT department who retrieved it in Niger even tho it cost A LOT of money? Thank you to everyone that reached out to help??The original driver is STILL on the run, his real name is Adamu Ahmed alias is Jahuz if you have any information on his whereabouts please contact officer David on 09061776658 & you WILL be rewarded ? A mechanic in Lafia, Nasarawa State, John Simon, has got more than he bargained for as a customer’s car he drove to a brothel in the New Nyanya area of the state was stolen. City Round learnt that Simon was in the middle of an overnight romp with a sex… In "Metro" Abuja - There are certain Nigerian celebrities who have been to prison before. These are some of those celebrities.   Some famous Nigerian celebrities have at one time or the other been in trouble with the law. A number of them have been to prison. Below is a list of nine… In "Entertainment" Kemi Afolabi, the Nollywood actress, on Wednesday narrated her ordeal with armed robbers who attacked her and her driver on their way from a movie shoot. According to the actress, the incident took place in the Arepo area of Ogun state on Tuesday night. Afolabi took to her verified Instagram… In "Social Media Feeds"