BY OMONIYI IBIETAN The imperative of social electricity is reiterated by the tragic death of Cheslie Kryst. Cheslie Kryst won the Miss North Carolina contest in 2019, and proceeded to win as Miss America. Few weeks ago, during an interview with Denzel Washington, she radiated so much confidence, expressed bliss, warmth and eloquent grace. Nothing, absolutely nothing, indicated she was troubled or depressed. According to Katie Couric Media (KCM), “Friends and colleagues described the 30-year-old as a radiant presence who was full of light.” Sadly, just 5 days ago (30th January 2022), she jumped from a 29-storey building in Manhattan, New York. She left behind a note, willing her possessions to her mother. I am not aware if there’s any other note or anything suggestive about why she committed suicide. What this tragedy has revealed is that we all carry some pains, and as The Johari Window, that beautiful psychological model on self-awareness, has revealed, there are aspects of our lives that neither us nor those around us could see or discern. We need to really know ourselves and proceed to know others. The KCM reckoned that this tragedy is eloquently telling of America’s mental illness crisis, but I think there’s a global mental crises. This is irreducible in the process of building a community of empathetic people. As a student of communication, and official practitioner, I believe communicating with each other as much as our circumstances permit, may help to mitigate our troubles. We need to be self and socially aware, we need to show care, concern and love, we need to look out for each other. It makes sense, and it’s incremental to building that social electricity all communities require to flourish. May her soul find rest. •Source: Facebook Oloruntobi Osinlalu is a student of Nasarawa State University where she is studying business administration for her second degree. Her family has seen it rough in a little over a year, from the coronavirus pandemic which impacted on families the world over, to the loss of her father last June;… In "News" A girl of 16 has taken her own life after being bullied. Lathitha Nako, a South African girl committed suicide after being subjected to bullying and accused of witchcraft by classmates. According to report, Lathitha swallowed pesticide and died in hospital on Wednesday, November 17 in the Eastern Cape, South… In "News" Nigerians on social media are reacting to claims by Grace Taku, an aid worker abducted by Boko Haram terrorists that Leah Sharibu, the only Dapchi schoolgirl in Boko Haram, captivity is dead. Taku made the revelation in a video released by the insurgents in which she called on the Federal… In "Social Media Feeds"