The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has released Marlian music signed artiste, Oniyide Azeez aka Zinoleesky.Marlian Music boss, Naira Marley, via his Instastories on Friday evening shared a video of the young artist to confirm his release. In the video shared, Zinoleesky was captured shirtless, whilst chilling inside a car with other crew members of the Marlian music. Naija News had reported that operatives of the NDLEA stormed the residence of the musicians in the Lekki area of Lagos State, in the early hours of Thursday morning. An eyewitness claimed that the officials carried out the arrest without having any search warrants.In the now-viral video, operatives of the NDLEA were seen manhandling the musicians, whilst shooting into the air to force them into waiting vans. Naira Marley in a tweet accused the NDLEA of physically assaulting his artists after they were illegally arrested from their Lekki residence. The popular singer also asked the anti-narcotic agency to release Zinoleeksy from their custody, claiming that the singer is under a lot of stress and torment. The founder of Marlian records Naira Marley has reacted to the arrest of his signees  Zinoleesky and Mohbad. The singers were arrested for possession of illegal drugs. In a series of tweets shared via his Twitter page on Friday, Feb 25, the music said the treatment meted on his signees… In "News" The arrest of Marlian signers, Oniyide Azeez popularly known as Zinoleesky, and Ilerioluwa Oladimeji also known as Mohbad has been confirmed. National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) confirmed the arrest on Thursday morning after storming the residence of the musicians in the Lekki area of Lagos State. An eyewitness claimed… In "News" •Naira Marley From ‘Black Lives Matter’ to ‘Áll Lives Matter’, are popular slogans used by protesters these days, signaling the importance of respecting and preserving all human lives regardless of whether the person in question is black, white or coloured.  If we apply these catchphrases to public health in these… In "Opinion"