Entertainment is a huge industry and in the three largest markets in the world, Hollywood, Bollywood and Nollywood, the sector is a contributor to the gross domestic product in their respective countries. In Nigeria, film and comedy are the industry movers and talents are cashing-in on a grand scale. One of such is Adokiye Fubara David West Horsfall, better known as Romeo WJ, who made his entrance into stand-up comedy in Nigeria professionally in 2016. For emphasis sake, comedy in Nigeria, particularly skit making, is designed for acts who are super talented. ‘The talented’ are the ones who can survive the constant battle for recognition and produce highly captivating, creative contents; a thing that has Romeo WJ stand-out among the rest. Romeo WJ, who is a success story today in the creative sector, has on many occasions emphasised the essence of talent as a criteria for making it like himself, through doggedness and consistency. In a recent interview, the Rivers State University of Technology graduate, stated that comedy is “big business”, in so much that he is planning to further explore his acting skill for further profitability. Though he started skit-making professionally in 2016, and signed to Kings Nation two years later, less than six years down the line, the Rivers State-born act now owns his production house known as the “Jocker’s House”, one of his major achievement and breakthrough in his career. “Because the gift of ones hands is what opens greatness, being signed to a label does not make much difference, because after they make available the platforms and finance to push the creative (content creator) it still lays in his or her hands to pull the craft through by creating engaging contents,” Romeo WJ said. “First of, it was majorly stand-up comedy, then the need for growth and creativity came in, so I ventured into skit making though I was inspired by my mentor and boss Basket Mouth. “My first skit was “Itubo” on YouTube which also got trending on terrestrial TV stations, and then I started creating 15sec skits on Instagram then on Facebook too. And we are here today still kicking by His grace”. Romeo WJ added: “There is much more money in the gift of a man. So yeah, the comedy business is a big, big market. I plan not to aim at Nollywood alone but Hollywood. By Joshua Olomu Abuja - Foremost Nigeria stand-up comedian, Atunyota Akpobome, popularly known as Ali Baba, has attributed his success, to hard work and discipline. The ace comedian and seasoned Master of Ceremony (MC), said this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja. Alibaba spoke… In "Entertainment" By Joshua Olomu Abuja - “Big Dreams Nigeria”, a talent hunt  show geared towards  discovering and developing young talents in acting, music and stand-up comedy across Nigeria, is set to debut, its organisers said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Mr Kingsley Amafibe, Project Director of the Big… In "Entertainment" As kids, we all fantasized about growing up and becoming rich and famous. Talent surely has no age barrier as long as you are willing to showcase such talent to the world. Such was the case of these 6 Nigerian children-celebrities who have created a niche for themselves in the… In "Entertainment"