The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has said it would stop selling forex to Deposit Money Banks by December 2022. This was disclosed by the CBN Governor, Godwin Emefiele. According to Emefiele, banks must begin to source their forex from export proceeds, hence the need to support non-oil exporters in the country. He pointed out that the decision was in line with the apex bank’s new commitment to boost the country’s foreign reserves through proceeds from non-oil exports. He made this known at a press briefing on the launch of the bank’s new forex repatriation scheme, RT200, held after the Banker’s Committee meeting on Thursday, in Abuja. RT200 which stands for Race to $200bn, is a set of policies, plans and programmes for non-oil exports that would enable the country generate $200 billion in forex repatriation, exclusively from non-oil exports, over the next 3 – 5 years, said the apex bank chief. “Under the programme, which is to take effect immediately, the apex bank will provide concessionary and long-term loans for business people who are interested in expanding existing plants, or building new ones for the sole purpose of adding significant value to the non-oil commodities before exporting same. “These loans will have a tenure of 10 years, with a two-year moratorium and an interest rate of 5 per cent,” he added. Similar to the naira-for-dollar programme, the programme, he said, would also entail a forex rebate scheme where the exporters would be paid N5 for every dollar they put into the economy. “Today, we are also announcing the introduction of the Non-Oil FX Rebate Scheme: a special local currency rebate scheme for non-oil exporters of semi-finished and finished produce, who show verifiable evidence of exports proceeds repatriation sold directly into the I & E window to boost liquidity in the market,” Emefiele said. In recognition of the perennial problems of port congestion cited by exporters as a major impediment to improved operations and foreign exchange earnings, Emefiele noted that the CBN planned to establish a dedicated non-oil export terminal. Lagos  -  The Manufacturers' Association of Nigeria (MAN) and Nigerian Association of Chambers of Commerce, Mines and Agriculture (NACCIMA) said on Thursday that better days were ahead for manufacturers following the new forex guidelines. Mr Frank Jacobs, President of MAN, said that manufacturers had gone through challenges in accessing forex… In "Business" ‌Nike Popoola, Okechukwu Nnodim, Tunde Ajaja, Alexander Okere and Tope Omogbolagun The Central Bank of Nigeria’s ‘Naira-for-Dollar’ policy may increase the country’s foreign remittances to $34.89bn by 2023. Forecast by PricewaterhouseCoopers, one of the big four accounting firms, had suggested that Nigeria’s remittance flows could reach $34.89bn by 2023 if… In "Business" Lagos  -  The Manufacturers' Association of Nigeria (MAN) on Thursday urged the CBN to revive the Export Expansion Grant (EEG)and de-list some items from the 41items on the Import Prohibition List (IPL) . Mr Tunde Oyelola, Head, MAN Export Group told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that… In "Business"