Living a lavish lifestyle is part of the showbiz game worldwide. Many Nigerian celebrities have tried to keep up with this lifestyle. Here are seven Nigerian celebrities who lavished million in a single night:- Mr. Eazi on September 26, 2021 posted a photo of his receipts from a club in Lagos’ Victoria Island, where he spent more than N8.3m on water, Teriyaki Chicken, Rock Prawns, Loaded Fries, Shisha NV, Clase Azul Repos, Don Julio 1942, Dom Perignon NV among other items. Tiwa SavageIn July 2021, Musician Skiibii revealed how Tiwa Savage spent over N9.4m in one night at a club they both visited. He shared photos of how they partied and spent money in the Club. Popular rapper Yung6ix in August 28, 2017, spent almost N4m on drinks at a nightclub in Lagos. The rapper posted a video on social media, showing off the bill with multiple zeros boldly written on it. According to him, he was drinking to his accomplishments. Wizkid Wizkid, in July 2021, visited a Lagos based restaurant with some girls and spent over N3.6m. One of the ladies at the dinner posted a snapshot of the receipt showing Wizkid spent over N3.6m in one night. As always, majority of the money was spent on drinks. DavidoDavido, who is also known as Omo Baba Olowo, is famous for spending heavily in clubs and restaurants. When he visited the city of London and went out clubbing in a VIP nightclub, he chronicled his time there on social media and by the end of the night, Davido surprised fans when he revealed a receipt which showed that he had spent over 5,000 Pounds in the club. HushpuppiRamon Abbas popularly known as Hushpuppi, before his trial, always made it a point to post his wild money spending all over social media. In one of his posts, he showed off how he spent over N3 million in one club alone. At another time, he also posted different receipts from a night out, totalling over N11m. Zubby MichaelZubby, on Sunday night, threw a lavish birthday party in Victoria Island, Lagos. The party attracted celebrities such as Davido, Psquare, Alexx Ekubo, Kanayo O Kanayo, Kcee, E-money, Cubana Chief Priest, Ini Edo, Uche Jombo, Phyno and Olamide among others. The actor had posted the receipt of his bill for the lavish party, which stood at N8,969,900 on his Instagram page. Source: Thenations Reality TV Star, Seyi Awolowo has been seen posing with Nigerian superstars, Wizkid and Tiwa Savage.  he elated Seyi fondly called ‘Sucre Papito’ took to his Instagram page to share photos of the moment he had at the DJ Neptune concert (#SoundOfDJNeptune) which saw Wizkid, Tiwa Savage, DJ Jimmy Jatt… In "Entertainment" By Joshua Olomu Abuja - Music superstar, David Adeleke, a.k.a Davido, has emerged the richest Nigerian on Instagram, with his single post valued at over N26 million. According to Instagram Rich List 2019 by Hopper HQ 2019, Davido stands at second position in Africa and occupies 38 positions on global… In "Entertainment" A popular Nigerian musician has been named as the richest Nigerian on Instagram.  Davido Music superstar, David Adeleke, a.k.a Davido, has emerged the richest Nigerian on Instagram, with his single post valued at over N26 million. According to Instagram Rich List 2019 by Hopper HQ 2019, Davido stands at second position in… In "Entertainment"