ABUJA – The Federal Government says it has uncovered 96 financiers of terrorism across the country, especially those backing Boko Haram and the Islamic State of West Africa Province (ISWAP). This was disclosed by Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, during a press conference on the administration’s fight against corruption in Abuja on Thursday, February 3. He said the “Nigerian Financial Intelligence Unit (NFIU), in 2020-2021, revealed 96 financiers of terrorism in Nigeria,” while 424 associates and supporters of the financiers were also uncovered. Also, about 123 companies and 33 Bureau de change, were linked to terrorists in addition to 26 suspected bandits/kidnappers and seven co-conspirators who have now been identified. According to the minister, “the analysis has resulted in the arrest of 45 suspects who will soon face prosecution and seizure of assets”. Still, on terrorism financing, Lai Mohammed said the NFIU had intelligence exchanges on Boko Haram, ISWAP, banditry, kidnapping and others with 19 countries. During the same period, 2020-2021, the organization returned fraudulently-obtained funds totaling US$103,722,102.83, 3,000 Pound Sterling; 7,695 Singapore dollar, and 1,091 Euros to 11 countries of victims who came into the country. (Channels TV) The Attorney- General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Mr Abubakar Malami (SAN), said on Friday in Abuja that a presidential panel has indicted Nnamdi Kanu for instigating subversive campaigns against the Nigerian state.Kanu, leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra, (IPOB) is currently being prosecuted at the… In "News" The Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Abdulrasheed Bawa, on Thursday, said Nigerians will know the identities of terrorism financiers in the country at the right time. He spoke as a guest on Channels Television’s ‘Politics Today’ current affairs programme monitored by The PUNCH. Bawa, who collapsed during… In "News" By Rotimi Ijikanmi Lagos - The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed says he stands by what he said in 2015, that the Boko Haram terrorists have been technically defeated. The minister stated this on Monday when he paid a working visit to the new corporate headquarters of… In "News"