The Trade Union Congress (TUC) has threatened to commence a nationwide strike over the lingering fuel crisis.  TUC on Sunday threatened to direct its members to stop going to work if the challenge of fuel scarcity across the country persists the next few days. Mohammad Yunusa, the TUC national treasurer, disclosed this while speaking with journalists on Sunday during a delegate conference of the Senior Staff Association of Statutory Corporations and Government-Owned Companies. The federal government had said methanol, a chemical additive, found in recently imported fuel exceeded Nigeria’s specification. The development has resulted in a shortage of petrol and queues reappearing in major cities including Abuja and Lagos. The scarcity worsened last week across many cities, as many struggled to go to work or engage in other daily routines. Traffic gridlocks appeared across major parts of Abuja as many service lanes were closed to traffic due to queues from petrol stations. The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation Limited had on Friday assured Nigerians that the company had placed significant orders of over 2.1 billion litres of methanol-free petroleum to ensure that the long queues of petroleum end in a few days. “We will soon direct workers to stop going to work if the challenge of fuel scarcity across the country persists for the next few days,” Mr Yunusa was quoted by The Cable as saying.“The congress also demanded that President Muhammadu Buhari should swing into action by identifying and punishing those who caused the scarcity that has brought untold hardship upon Nigerians.“The union’s position is very clear. Those who caused this scarcity should be identified and punished very well.“The position of SSAS CGOC is that workers should stop going to work until there is enough fuel to take them to work.“This is the way to do it. We are waiting for our centre to respond to our position but our position in SSAS CGOC is that there is no need to go to work and when there is regular supply, then we will start going to work, “he added.  source • Marketers still struggling to return adulterated petrol to NNPC • Corporation pleads for patience, says fuel queues will end soon Residents of Abuja and neighbouring states of Niger and Nasarawa are still facing tough times sourcing for Premium Motor Spirit, popularly called petrol, with the commodity selling for as… In "Business" According to a report by SaharaReporters, some black marketers have hit major roads in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, taking advantage of the biting fuel scarcity to sell a litre of fuel beginning from N400. SaharaReporters observed that the black marketers operate in densely populated areas such as Kubwa, Mpape,… In "Features" Abuja  -  The Nigeria labour movement has threatened to begin an indefinite strike by midnight on Tuesday if the Federal Government fails to annul the recent increase in the pump price of petrol and electricity tariff. The threat is contained a communiqué issued at the end of an emergency meeting… In "Top Stories"