By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate, on Tuesday, passed the Nigerian Safety Investigation Bureau (Establishment) Bill, 2021. The passage of the bill was sequel to the consideration of a report by the Committee on Aviation. The chamber, midway through   consideration of the Committee’s report on the bill last week, stepped it down due to a “mix-up” observed by the lawmakers during plenary. However, Chairman of the Committee, Senator Smart Adeyemi (Kogi West), in his presentation on Tuesday, said the bill seeks to provide an effective and institutional framework for the prevention, regulation and administration of safety investigation of transportation occurrences in Nigeria, and anywhere Nigerian interest is involved or the transportation vehicle is a Nigerian carrier. “Also, the purpose of the bill is to enable investigative activities and promote safety through the conduct of transparent, independent and objective investigations in all cases of accident involving any of the current mode of transport in the country”, Adeyemi said. He noted that the bill’s passage and assent into law would, amongst others, facilitate quick investigation of accidents, create much safer environment and reduce death rates across the country. The Nigerian Safety Investigation Bureau (Establishment) Bill, 2021, was passed after a clause-by-clause consideration by the Committee of the Whole. By Naomi Sharang Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday, transmitted a letter to the Senate, seeking consideration and passage of six Aviation Bills. The President of the Senate, Dr Ahmad Lawan read the letter during plenary. The President, in the letter said: “Dear Distinguished Senate President; Transmission of Six… In "News" By Yunus Yusuf Ikeja - The Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB) Nigeria has concluded plans to commence training for aircraft accident investigators in the West African sub-region. AIB Commissioner, Mr Akin Olateru, made this known in a statement issued in Lagos on Monday. Olateru said this when the Senate Committee on… In "News" establishing the Code of Conduct Bureau (CCB) and its tribunal. Leading debate on the Bill, which was read for the first time on Tuesday, the sponsor, Mr Peter Nwaoboshi (PDP Delta North), said that the amendment would redraft section 3(d) of the Act. Nwoboshi said that the procedural codes that… In "Politics"