A man stabbed six family members early as they slept inside a Philadelphia home before being arrested nearby, police said. Police responded about 4 a.m. and found six people with stab wounds. Three women were hospitalized in critical condition, while two men and a woman were in stable condition, police said. The injured people range in age from 26 to 57. Among the most seriously injured was a 49-year-old woman who police said was stabbed multiple times in the neck, head and back.“It’s a very violent scene,” Philadelphia Police Chief Inspector Scott Small told WPVI-TV. The suspected attacker, described by police as a 29-year-old who lived in the home, was found covered with blood a few blocks away, Small said. He had cuts on his hands and was taken to a hospital for treatment. The attacks took place in three bedrooms on the second floor of the home, leaving a bloody scene, Small said. Two bloodied knives with 7-inch blades were found in the home, he said. “One of the knives, that’s all metal, is actually broken, which goes to show how violently these individuals were being stabbed,” Small said. Police haven’t released the suspect’s name or the identities of the six family members.    An NHS worker was brutally stabbed to death by masked men in an 'unprovoked attack' just days after losing his father to suspected coronavirus. David Gomoh, 24, was fatally wounded in a knife attack on Sunday, just seconds after leaving his home in Newham, London. The keyworker was on the… In "Foreign" SYDNEY - Police and emergency workers are investigating a horrific scene in northern Australia after eight children were found stabbed to death inside a home on Friday morning. Police say a 34 year old woman is being treated for stab wounds and is assisting police with their investigation. Police Insp.… In "Foreign" ZURICH  - One woman died and two girls were in serious condition a day after being attacked on a Swiss train by a man armed with a knife and flammable fluid, St Gallen cantonal police said on Sunday. The 34-year-old woman died from her injuries on Sunday morning, police said.… In "Foreign"