Isabella Ugochi Iloba has been officially announced as the Acting Clerk of the Senate. Ugochi before her new appointment was the Deputy Clerk of the Senate. Iloba took over from the outgone Clerk Mr. Ibrahim El-Ladan following his retirement on age grounds. El-Ladan was retired by the National Assembly Service Commission (NASC) on February 9, 2022. The Commission had directed El-ladan and another officer, Adebayo Anthony Adebanjo, to proceed on retirement with immediate effect, while Michael Okpara should retire in six months. Iloba was appointed by the NASC as acting Clerk to the Senate to take over from El-Ladan. The letter obtained by The Nation on Tuesday and dated February 9, 2022, is with reference number NASC/PF/69/184. It was titled: “Retirement from service” and addressed to Clerk to Senate, Dauda Ibrahim El-Ladan. Part of the letter reads: “The Commission at its 547th meeting held on Wednesday, 9th February, 2022, has approved your retirement from Service with effect from 9th February, 2022.“The Commission wishes to acknowledge your immense contribution to the growth and development of the National Assembly Service.“As you proceed on retirement, please handover your Office and other Government property in your possession to the Deputy Clerk, Senate (Legislative), Ilobah Isabella Ugochi.“On behalf of the Commission, I pray that Almighty God will continue to grant you good health and success in your future endeavours.” The letter was signed on behalf of the Executive Chairman of the NASC, Engr. Ahmed Kadi Amshi. However, El-Ladan carried out his official assignment in the Senate Chambers on Tuesday unhindered. The development led to a mild drama at the Senate Chambers as the Senators watched with disbelief and utter amazement as the retired former Clerk to Senate continued to perform his duties despite his retirement.  Source ....Lawan Announced Appointment of Ibrahim El-Ladan as Acting Clerk of the Senate By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Tuesday received from President Muhammadu Buhari, the 2021 - 2021 Medium Term Expenditure Framework and Fiscal Strategy Paper.The MTEF/FSP document forwarded to the National Assembly for consideration and approval… In "News" The National Assembly Service Commission (NASC) has concluded place to sack the Clerk to the National Assembly, Mohammed Ataba Sani-Omolori over alleged illegal ‘tenure extension’, it was learnt on Tuesday. Senate President Ahmad Lawan and House of Representatives Speaker, Femi Gbajabiamila may likely nominate candidates from their geo-political zones of… In "News" Abuja -  The National Assembly Service Commission says there is no basis for withdrawing the appointment of the newly appointed Acting Clerk of the National Assembly (NASS), Alhaji Mohammed Sani-Omolori. Dr Adamu Fika, the Executive Chairman of the commission, said this in a letter he sent to the President of… In "News"