Some gunmen on Saturday reportedly killed an unspecified number of police officers at a checkpoint at Obeagu Uno Amechi along Awkunanaw–Agbani Road in Enugu South Local Government Area of Enugu State.  According to a report by PUNCH, the gunmen attacked about six officers, who were at the checkpoint at 3:45pm on Saturday. Residents and motorists were thrown into confusion as they scampered to safety during the incident. A source revealed that he saw one policeman laying dead along the road when he passed the area around 4:20pm, adding that the hoodlums might have killed more policemen at the checkpoint as blood littered the entire place. “I can’t say exactly how many policemen were killed but the policemen at the checkpoint were more than six. I saw one policeman laying on the ground near the checkpoint when I passed the road to Agbani,” the source said. A senior police officer confirmed the attack on the checkpoint, adding that the actual number of casualties was not known. According to the police officer, a manhunt for the assailants had been launched. This comes barely 48 hours after three policemen and a customs officer were killed in two checkpoints within the state capital. Earlier in July 2021, six people including four policemen had been killed at the same checkpoint by gunmen.  Source At least two policemen are feared dead and a patrol vehicle and motorcycle burnt during two checkpoints attacks and shootings within Enugu State on Wednesday evening. The Command’s Public Relations Officer, ASP Daniel Ndukwe, confirmed the shooting, without giving further details, in a statement made available to the News Agency… In "News" At least two policemen are feared dead and a patrol vehicle and motorcycle burnt during two checkpoints attacks and shootings within Enugu State on Wednesday evening. The Command’s Public Relations Officer, ASP Daniel Ndukwe, confirmed the shooting, without giving further details, in a statement made available to the News Agency… In "News" Some gunmen who are yet to be identified, have killed two policemen in Enugu State at a checkpoint. According to Sun, the policemen were killed during a shooting incident in a security post mounted by the officers in Nachi in the Oji River Local Government Area of the state. They… In "News"