Celebrity fashion designer, Olorunyomi Makun, popularly known as Yomi Casual, has advised women to honour those who had played a role in their husbands’ successes. He made this known via his Instagram story, he also advised celebrities to tell their family members and friends about people who have helped them to succeed in their careers. Yomi, whose brother is the popular comedian and actor, Ayo ‘AY’ Makun, also advised women to greet their husbands’ patrons appropriately when they see them. He wrote, “As we dey practice this celebrity lifestyle, make we no forget to tell our wives, brothers and friends about people wey help us to get to the top. “When you see them, greet them appropriately because they made your man who he is today.” Sharing the post on his Instagram feed, Yomi wrote in the caption, “Know this and know peace. #wives.” In another Instagram story, the fashion designer wrote, “Just because they can’t tame you like the others, they call you rude and badmouth you to your helpers just to make you look like nothing! But guess what? God pass them!”      Celebrity fashion designer, Olorunyomi Makun, popularly known as Yomi Casual, has told 21st century celebrities to respect those who made it to the top without social media. Yomi Casual said this via his verified Instagram page in the early hours of Tuesday, as Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp was restored after… In "Entertainment" Popular fashion designer and younger brother of Nigerian Comedian AY, Yomi Casual, is recuperating in a Lagos hospital after he survived a ghastly motor accident on Sunday. Yomi Casual, who shared a picture of his wrecked car and another picture of him lying on a hospital bed on his Instagram… In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe Abuja -  Nollywood actors Alexx Ekubo, IK Ogbonna and fashion designer Yomi Casual led a group of young people to some voter registration centres in Lagos to raise greater awareness on the need to register and obtain the PVC. The trio, referred to as the ‘Chop life… In "Politics"