Olusegun Obasanjo, a former Nigerian President has said the Nigerian nation “needs more rebels” to speak the truth to power without minding whose ox is gored.  This, according to Obasanjo, is one of the greatest steps towards rebuilding the nation.Obasanjo spoke on Saturday during the unveiling of the autobiography of the Babanla Adinni of Egbaland, Chief Tayo Sowunmi, in Abeokuta, ‘Footprints Of A Rebel’, to commemorate his 80th birthday.Speaking at the event, Obasanjo noted that for Nigeria to move forward, it requires those he called “rebels” who would stand and speak the truth without fear or favour.The Balogun Owu maintained that whoever wants to live a life of honesty and integrity must be a rebel.His words: “Looking at the title of the book, I ask myself, why would someone call himself a rebel. But it is good.“But the truth is that if you have to leave a life of honesty and integrity, you have to become a rebel. There would be some time you would be asked to do something, but you would say no, this is not right. And when you say that, you will become a rebel. You may even become a persona non grata.“This is our country, there is no country that we can call our own except Nigeria. Our country, Nigeria, needs more of rebels. Those who would look at things straight in the face and say this is not right; this, I will not be part of; this is not good for Nigeria.”  source “Former President Obasanjo is a courageous patriot and statesman who tells truth to power when he is convinced leaders are doing wrong” – Muhammadu Buhari, March 4, 2015. “Buhari is sick in the spirit, body and soul. Let’s beg him to go and rest…Let’s give chance to another person” –… In "Opinion" By Nse Anthony-Uko (Sundiata Post) – Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has again President Muhammadu Buhari for bringing hardship on Nigerians, saying he has failed Nigerians. Obasanjo on Monday called on President Muhammadu Buhari to stop giving Nigerians excuses, adding that the attitude was why he had not achieved results. The… In "Top Stories" Wole Soyinka, Nobel laureate, says he should be examined by a psychiatrist if he joins the Coalition for Nigeria Movement (CNM) headed by ex-President Olusegun Obasanjo. Soyinka speaking on BBC Yoruba, said the coalition was not meant for someone like him. Speaking on former presidents, Olusegun Obasanjo and Ibrahim Babangida’s… In "Top Stories"