ABUJA – Following speculations on the possibility that the Governor of Central Bank of Nigeria, Godwin Emefiele, wants to run for the Presidency come 2023, the Human & Environmental Development Agenda (HEDA Resource Centre) has given the CBN governor a 14-day ultimatum to resign from his position and pursue his Political ambition, if he is interested; or disassociate himself publicly from such speculations and stick to his job. In a letter written and copied to President Muhammadu Buhari and the President of the Senate, Ahmed Lawan, the chairman of HEDA, Olanrewaju Suraju, who acknowledged that Godwin Emefiele has a constitutional right to contest for any election in Nigeria, including that of President, wants him to take a stand now than keeping Nigeria at sea. “It has been widely published in the media that the Central Bank of Nigeria Governor, Mr. Godwin Emefiele, is planning to contest in the 2023 general election to be President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria; and a group by the name: The Green Alliance, recently addressed the press on the subject matter of Emefiele for President. “By virtue of being the Governor of the apex bank in Nigeria, Mr. Godwin Emefiele is not eligible to contest for any election in Nigeria or participate in politics. By the provisions of the Central Bank of Nigeria Act, he is statutorily barred from participating in politics or engaging in any other business for that matter. “Section 9 of the Central Bank of Nigeria Act provide thus: “The Governor and the Deputy Governors shall devote the whole of their time to the service of the Bank and while holding office, shall not engage in any full or part-time employment or vocation whether remunerated or not, except such personal or charitable causes as may be determined by the Board and which do not conflict with or detract from their full time duties.” Suraju maintained that HEDA, being the leading anti-corruption civil society organization in Nigeria and Non-partisan Human Rights and Development league with the mandate to protect and promote universally recognized human rights, public accountability, transparency and environmental justice in Nigeria and Africa, in accordance with International best standards, would continue to work assiduously to keep to its mandate. He advised the CBN Governor to either come out publicly and dissociate himself from the campaign or pursuit of his ambition of contesting for any election while in office and if he insist on contesting, he should adhere to the CBN Act and resign honourably within the next 14 days from the date of receipt of the letter, saying, “We trust that you shall fully comply with the law and do what is best for the Federal Republic of Nigeria.” By Emmanuel Afonne Abuja - The Empowerment for Unemployed Youth Initiative on Saturday applauded the reappointment of Mr Godwin Emefiele for a second tenure as Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, describing it as a “timely economic masterstroke” of the present government. The group alongside 17 other Civil Society… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The National Chairman of the Nigerian Conscience Party, (NCP), Dr. Yunusa Tanko has called on the President, General Mohammadu Buhari to immediately sack the Central Bank, (CBN) Governor, Godwin Emefiele for nursing presidential ambition while still in office. He noted that, with Mr.… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - About 500 protesters under the aegis of Coalition of Civil Society Groups (COSG) on Thursday trooped to the streets in Abuja with a call on fifth columnists "who are sabotaging the efforts of Federal Government", in addressing the current economic recession in the country to desist from the… In "News"