By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – We speak for the majority of our teeming Nigerian students who have endorsed this move we are commencing today, says a group under the aegis of Forum of Past and Present Student Leaders in Plateau North. The group said they are urging the incumbent Senator representing Plateau North, Barr. Istifanus Gyang to declare his interest to recontest the seat of Plateau North senatorial zone comes 2023. Leader of the Forum Mr. Isreal Joseph made the call in Jos on Wednesday while addressing journalists. According to him: “Today we join in our droves to lend our firm voices that Senator Gyang of Plateau North will continue to guarantee a robust and engaging representation for the zone, judging from his antecedents as both a philanthropist, an astute, pragmatic and consummate politician with the fear of God. “Throughout his sojourn in the Civil Service and House of Representatives, he demonstrated rare feats of courage and dexterity on issues of governance which has endeared him to the youths and students. “We note with satisfaction and pride that our amiable and cherished Senator ID Gyang has constructed appreciable number of Secondary and Primary School classroom blocks across the local government that make up the Senatorial district including the following”, the group said. They however commended Gyang for his outstanding representation of Plateau North in the Red Chambers, adding that he has change the narrative and fortune of the educational sector of the most cosmopolitan Senatorial zone which hosts about 24 higher institutions. Senator Istifanus Gyang representing Plateau North in the National Assembly, who was elected into office in 2019 as a first-time lawmaker on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party, has declared that there is no vacancy in the position come 2023. He made the declaration in Jos on Monday while… In "News" By Polycarp Auta Jos - Plateau Youths, under the aegis of Plateau Youths G17 Peace and Progressive Forum, have called on the Federal Government to secure federal roads across the country to minimise attacks on commuters. Leader of the group, Mr John Baling, made the call at a candle light… In "News" JOS - Senate President David Mark on Thursday flagged off the distribution of poverty alleviation and empowerment items procured by Sen Gyang Pwajok for members of his Plateau North constituency. In a speech at the ceremony in Jos, Mark described Pwajok as a ``very vibrant and wonderful senator whose contribution… In "News"