 Olori Janet Afolabi, CNN award winning journalist, publisher and Queen of Apomu Kingdom in Osun State, has joined the league of authors. Her autobiographical debut is titled The Masters Who Trained Me. It was unveiled on February 24, at the Alapomu Palace Hall in Apomu, headquarters of Isokan local government area of Osun State, as part of the activities to mark the second coronation anniversary of Oba Kayode Adenekan Afolabi, the Alapomu of Apomu. Presenting the book to the guests, Gbenga Adefaye , General Manager /Editor-In-Chief of Vanguard Newspapers said it is an important gift that should last till eternity. Adefaye, who is a former two term President of Nigerian Guild of Editors, said  “Olori Janet Afolabi could be regarded as a famous journalist and not that just  a journalist but an award winning journalist who has won local and international awards.”He said Olori Janet set out to remember those who took her on the journey of learning to become a master and successful journalist. The book is a book of tributes to the mentors of Olori Janet.They guided, trained and tutored her till she decided that their efforts deserve to be documented for posterity.”Adding that “It is  acknowledgment of excellence of the work of the most famous Ray Ekpu, Dan Agbese, Yakubu Mohammed, Soji Akinrinade, Nosa Igiebor and Dare Babarinsa.”  Olori Janet Afolabi said she wrote the book to “honour these renowned journalists who trained, drilled  and molded  me into someone with valuables skills. They gave me media platform to operate,explore and express myself. They gave me wings to fly in the winds of journalism travails and triumphs. I want to appreciate them while they are alive. I am expressing my gratitude by giving them a gift that will live after them.The gift is this book. My experience with each of them and the techniques of newswriting they taught me are chronided in the six chapters of the book “   The book is a source of material for the younger generation of journalists and journalism students. The book is also an addition to the existing literature on Nigerian media Industry. The history of journalism in Nigeria may not be complete without the contributions of these great men who have trained and mentored some of the best hands in journalism. “They are indeed an asset to the world of journalism “said Olori Janet Afolabi Among those who attended the event were  Alaafin of Oyo, Olofa of Offa, Oba Mufutau Gbadamosi, Secretary to State  Government, Oluwole Oyebamiji, who represented Osun State Governor Gboyega Oyetola;  Asoya of Isoya, who represented the Ooni of Ife; Akarigbo of Remo, Babatunde Amoo, Onire of Ire, Ekiti State Olowu of Owu Kuta.Other personalities include Waheed Olagunju, Former Acting Managing Director of Bank of Industry. Marouf Olanrewaju; Majority leader of Osun State House of Assembly, Yemi Lawal; Commisioner for Youth and Sports, Osun State, Marouf Akinremi; Soji Akinrinade, former Executive Director/Editor-In-Chief Chief, Newswatch magazine; Mustapha Isa,  President Nigerian Guild of Editors; Bolaji Adebiyi, Managing Editor, ThisDay Newspaper/Vice President (West) Nigerian Guild of Editors; Dotun Oladipo, former President, Guild of Corporate Online Publishers (GOCOP) and Gabriel Akinadewo, publisher, Freedom Online. •Olori Janet Afolabi Olori Janet Afolabi, the Queen of Apomuland, has given face masks and cartons of noodles to indigent children in Apomu community in Osun State. The packages were well distributed to the children in their various suburbs, a development that has received great commendation from their parents and… In "Metro" Oba Kayode Adenekan Afolabi, the Alapomu of Apomu has started distributing food materials in Apomu, headquarters of Isokan Local Government Area of Osun State.The relief packages were donated by Alapomu and concerned indigenes of Apomuland.The donations are meant to provide succour for the needy and vulnerable people as a result… In "Metro" LAGOS - No fewer than 70 sympathisers on Friday signed the condolence register of  the immediate past Managing Director of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN),  Dame Oluremi Oyo, who died on Oct.1. Oyo, a former presidential Spokesperson and a former President of the Guild of Editors, died at a… In "News"