The Rivers State governor, Nyesom Wike, has threatened to depose the king of the Akpor Kingdom if the monarch does not put a stop to the activities of illegal oil bunkers in Rumuokparali and Ogbogoro communities.  The governor issued the warning while presenting Staff of Office and Certificates of Recognition to Chief Chidi Awuse, the Nne-Nwe-Eli Emohua XIII (OLO IV), Ohna, and Chief Ozuowuowu Amos, the Nye Nwe Ali Akpor, Orlu Oriebe as first-class chiefs in Port Harcourt. Wike urged the traditional rulers in the state not to allow illegal oil bunkering and artisanal refinery activities in their domain He reiterated his resolve to sustain the war against illegal oil bunkering and artisanal refining activities. He further urged the King of Akpor in Obio/Akpor Local Government Area and the King of Omerelu in Ikwerre council not to allow such activities to thrive anymore in their respective domains. He also frowned at the king of Omerelu community in Ikwerre Local Government Area where illegal oil bunkering activities are thriving. He said, “Aside from the soot problem and economic sabotage associated with the criminal activities, the internal roads being reconstructed by my administration in Omerelu had been damaged. “We are doing internal roads in Omerelu. This is a community that has been crying for roads and we have given them not less than 11/12 kilometres of internal roads. “And now they are spoiling them because of the conveying of the products. We can’t continue to accept that. “I can’t understand why you just want to collect the chieftaincy title and do nothing.” Wike told the two kings to come to terms with the responsibilities associated with their new statuses and discharge them effectively. He also enjoined them to ensure that peace prevailed in their domains by attending to all shades of conflicts so that they do not snowball into crises.  Source Gov. Nyesom Wike of Rivers has charged traditional rulers in the state not to allow illegal oil bunkering and artisanal refinery activities in their domains. Wike gave the charge when he presented Staff of Office and Certificates of Recognition to Chief Chidi Awuse, the Nne-Nwe-Eli Emohua XIII (OLO IV), Ohna,… In "Politics" The Eastern Naval Command of the Nigerian Navy has disclosed that it deactivated 175 illegal refineries, arrested 27 vessels and 13 suspects in 11 months in its areas of operations. The Nigerian Naval Ship Pathfinder, Port Harcourt, Rivers State, also said yesterday that it destroyed oil bunkering sites in Abise creek… In "Security" Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Ezenwo Wike, has declared that many states are being used to fight Rivers State to achieve illegal grabbing of the state’s oil wells. Commissioning the Dualised/Reconstructed Birabi Street, Elegbam-Rumueme in Obio/Akpor Local Government Area on Friday, Governor Wike said the State has the capacity to resist… In "News"