By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Mr. Nathaniel Ikyur, the Chief Press Secretary (CPS), to Benue State Governor, Dr. Samuel Ortom, has declared that his principal does not hate President Muhammad Buhari. According to Ikyur, Ortom’s statements on the state of the nation should not be misconstrued for demeaning the office of the President. Ortom has been vocal against the leadership style of President Buhari, especially his silence over the killings by suspected Fulani militias in Benue State and other parts of the country. Speaking at a brief meeting with online journalists and bloggers at the Benue State Governor’s Lodge, Asokoro, Abuja, on Friday, Ikyur said Ortom would continue to stand for the people of Benue state not minding whose ox is gored. “I want to reiterate the fact that my principal, Governor Samuel Ortom doesn’t hate President Buhari. His comments on the state of the nation and the leadership style of the president do not mean he hates him. No sane person will keep mum while his people are being killed on a daily basis. I am sure you are aware of the killings that have been going on in Logo, Guma, Agatu and other parts of Benue State by Fulani herdsmen. “Do you expect the governor to keep quiet? He will continue to speak and stand for his people,” he said. Asked If his principal is eyeing the Benue North West Senatorial seat, Ikyur said, “Governor Ortom is aware of the clamour in many quarters on him to contest for Senate in 2023, but in his usual character, he is still consulting with God and will make his intention known in due course.” The CPS used the forum to parley the online media, charging them to always reach the Benue Governor’s media team, to balance their stories, assuring of open doors policy. Participants applauded the interactive forum, describing it as the first ever in the present administration. Gov Samuel Ortom of Benue state has reacted to the death of Sani Dangote, the younger brother of Africa's richest man, Aliko Dangote. In a statement issued on Tuesday by his Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur, the governor lamented that the death of the businessman is a big loss not… In "News" Abuja - The Presidency on Saturday said the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), did not accept any invitation to be the negotiator of terrorist group Boko Haram in 2012. Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, made this known in an interview with BBC… In "Top Stories" The Minister of Special Duties and Intergovernmental Affairs, George Akume has begged the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission and the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission to go after Benue Governor, Samuel Ortom. Recall that Ortom has been at loggerheads with the Presidency, accusing Fulanis of having a… In "News"