The Corps Marshal, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Dr Boboye Oyeyemi, has lauded the Emir of Kazaure in Jigawa, Alhaji Hussaini Adamu, for donating an ambulance to the corps.  The commendation was disclosed in a statement issued by the Corps Public Education Officer (CPEO), Mr Bisi Kazeem, on Friday in Abuja.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the ambulance was presented to the Kazaure Command of the FRSC by Alhaji Babangida Hussain, the Wali Kazaure. Oyeyemi, in the statement, said that the donation of the brand new, fully equipped Toyota Hiace ambulance with state-of -the-art gadgets, was to aid rescue operations within the Kazaure command.He praised the Emir and the entire emirate for the benevolence which underscored the needed collaboration between the corps and all relevant stakeholders. Oyeyemi reiterated his objective of reducing crashes and fatalities by a great measure to achieve the mandate of the corps.He advised the members of the public to subscribe to the National Traffic and Radio, 107.5 FM, for updates on all traffic issues. He appealed to Nigerians to report cases of obstruction, crashes and other emergencies to the FRSC toll free line 122.  (NAN) By Muhammad Bashir   Dutse    -     The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in Jigawa has established a Unit Command in Kazaure senatorial district of the state to enforce safety regulations in the area. Mr Angus Ibezim, the FRSC Sector Commander in the state, disclosed this to the News Agency… In "News" ABUJA - The Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC), has deployed 18,000 personnel and 918 vehicles across the country for special patrol tagged ``Operation Ed-el-Kabir between Sept. 30 and Oct. 12. The Corps Marshal, Mr Boboye Oyeyemi, made the announcement in a statement issued by Mrs Stella Uchegebu FRSC Public Education… In "News" By Harrison Arubu Abuja  -  The Corps Marshal of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) Mr Boboye Oyeyemi, has called for synergy among security agencies to enhance the safety of passengers on the nation’s roads. Oyeyemi made this known in a statement in Abuja on Thursday. He made the call… In "Metro"