By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – A governorship aspirant in Plateau State ahead of the 2023 general elections, has called on the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), stakeholders in the State to close ranks and consolidate on the victory of the February 26th bye-election. The guber aspirant under the platform of the PDP, Chief Jonathan Akun, said the Saturday polls victory is a clear indication that the PDP will regain the government house in 2023. Recall that the PDP was declared winner of the Jos North/Bassa federal constituency bye-election held at the weekend, where the party candidate Hon. Musa Agah pulled 40, 343 votes to beat his closest rival, Mr. Muhammad Gwani of the People’s Redemption Party (PRP), who scored 37, 757 votes. Congratulating Agah, Akun said: “The victory has revitalize and inject fresh hope and energy of taking over Plateau State. “It is time to close ranks, upgrade our strategies and ensure we remain very focus and highly committed towards greater achievements”, he said. Akun assured that “a vote” for the PDP in 2023, will be a commitment to end insecurity, boost welfare and economic prosperity of the people. He called on youths, women and all stakeholders in Plateau, to begin a new journey of mobilization towards the actualization of taking over power from the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC), in the next general elections. …says rescue mission on course By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor Samuel Ortom has expressed happiness with the victory of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the  just concluded election in Jos North/Bassa Federal Constituency seat Governor Ortom who was the chairman of the PDP campaign… In "Top Stories" Hon. Musa Agah, the candidate of the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the Jos North/Bassa Federal Constituency bye-election has been declared winner of the polls. Avia, who is the current member representing Irigwe/Rukuba Constituency in the Plateau State House Assembly, polled a total of 40, 343 votes to… In "News" OSOGBO (Sundiata Post) - The chairman of the Osun Primary Election Committee and Governor of Bayelsa State, Honourable Henry Seriake Dickson, has charged the leaders and members of the Osun State chapter of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) to collaborate more and forge stronger unity ahead of the September 22,… In "Politics"