Ifeanyi Ejiofor, counsel to Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Friday, alleged that the Department of State Services, DSS, has refused the Biafra agitator from changing his clothes. Ejiofor alleged that DSS refused Kanu from changing his clothes despite a court order to that effect. He insisted that the DSS refusal was a violation of the subsisting court order. Recall that Justice Binta Nyako of an Abuja Federal High Court had ordered the secret police to allow Kanu to change his clothes. The judge had said she was tired of seeing the IPOB leader in the same clothes during court proceedings. Responding, the Nigerian Government had said Kanu has refused to change his clothes. Kanu had continued to appear in the same clothes during his court outings. However, Ejiofor stressed that DSS is responsible for Kanu appearing in the same outfit. Addressing journalists in Owerri, Imo State, Ejiofor vowed to protest against the actions of DSS He said: “Extensive interaction was held with him on mainly legal issues, as well as other engaging related matters. “Though, for reasons we were not told, the officials of the DSS rejected for the umpteenth time, the change of clothes brought to him. “We, however, protested against this obvious violation of court order, and insisted on seeing the Head of the appropriate department to lodge our complaint, but Onyendu advised that we should take up the infractions at the appropriate forum in view of the fact that a positive order of court was flouted.” •As Justice Ademola, others remain detained ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mr. Nnamdi Kanu, has sued for contempt proceedings following the failure of the Federal Government and its relevant agencies to give effect to an order made by Justice Adeniyi Ademola of… In "Top Stories" An order has been given to the Department of State Services (DSS) concerning Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra. The Federal High Court sitting in Abuja today ordered the DSS to give Kanu maximum possible comfort while in their custody. The trial judge Justice Binta Nyako who… In "News" •Nnamdi Kanu and Mike Ozekhome in court on Tuesday ABUJA - Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, has pleaded not guilty to the 15 charges bordering on treasonable felony and terrorism, brought against him by the Federal Government. He pleaded not guilty before Justice Binta Nyako… In "Top Stories"