The Nigerian Government has urged Nigerians in Ukraine to remain calm but very vigilant and be responsible for their security and safety in the country.A statement issued by Nigerian Embassy, in Kiev, urged Nigerian students seeking temporary relocation to seek proper clearance and guarantee form before relocating.  Recall that Russian troops launched a wide-range attack on Ukraine on Thursday, as President Vladimir Putin cast aside international condemnation and sanctions.Reacting, the Embassy explained that any Nigerian who considers the crisis as emotionally disturbing, should temporarily relocate to anywhere they consider safe by “private arrangement.”The Embassy advised all Nigerians to ensure that they validate all their resident documents for ease of return to the country when desired.“The attention of the Embassy has been drawn to the declaration of state of emergency and Martial law on the entire territory of Ukraine except the Donestsk and Luhansk regions by the government of Ukraine, effective from midnight of February 23, 2022, for a period of 30 days, as well as the latest development on the Ukraine-Russia crises.“In view of the development, the embassy urges Nigerian Nationals resident in Ukraine to remain calm but very vigilant and be responsible for their security and safety.“The embassy wishes to add that should any Nigerian National consider the situation as emotionally disturbing, such National may temporarily relocate to anywhere considered safe by private arrangement. They should, however, ensure that they do all the needful to validate all their resident documents for ease of return to the country when desired.“Students seeking temporary relocation are enjoined to seek proper clearance and guarantee form from their respective institutions during this period.“For those who are still considering it appropriate to remain in the country, be rest assured that the embassy remains open for its consular duties and responsibilities at all times.”  Source Nigerians love travel and adventure. But Ukraine and its forbiddingly cold capital, Kiev, wasn’t a favourite destination for many years. That is until Pastor Sunday Adelaja of the Embassy of the Blessed Kingdom of God for All Nations, fired the public’s imagination with his evangelical-charismatic brand of the gospel. The… In "Opinion" •The late Fadlullah Agboluaje Almost a month into the death of Fadlullah Agboluaje, a Nigerian student admitted to Lviv Polytechnic National University, Ukraine, the school authorities are yet to tell the family what went wrong.   Fadlullah’s death is an avoidable one that ought not to have been. But the young… In "Opinion" The Nigerian Ambassador to Russia, Prof. Abdullahi Shehu, has urged Nigerians in Russia to project the good image of the country and to be of their best behaviour. Speaking when he met with the Executive Council members of the Nigerian Community in Moscow, Amb. Shehu expressed gratitude to the community… In "News"