Abuja – A chieftain of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB), Simon Ekpa, says he predicted the fall of Abba Kyari long before he was indicted by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). He claimed that for spilling the blood of innocent Biafrans, he predicted that Abba Kyari would end in disgrace. He says the prophecy has been fulfilled. Simon Ekpa, a disciple of Nnamdi Kanu, claimed that while Abba Kyari was heading the Intelligence Response Team (IRT), he killed innocent Biafrans in the South East, and their blood have been haunting the disgraced super cop. Abba Kyari was the former commander of the Inspector-General of Police Intelligence Response Team (IGP-IRT), a unit he used to further his criminal activities. According to Simon Ekpa, Abba Kyari used his IRT to harass Biafrans in the South-East and even got many of them killed. The disgraced super cop was fingered by the FBI in a fraudulent scheme with internet fraudster, Abbas Ramon, popularly known as Hushpuppi. After the revelation, the police announced that Abba Kyari was suspended from the police. But it turns out that the suspension was only on paper. The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) says he used his team of IRT to aid two international drug couriers – Chibunna Patrick Umeibe and Emeka Alphonsus. He was subsequently arrested by the police and handed over to the NDLEA for more investigations. Simon Ekpa in a tweet on Monday described Abba Kyari as a criminal, who according to him, killed innocent Biafrans.The tweet reads, “I called Abba Kyari a criminal even before the indictment in the US. I told him that for killing Biafrans, he will be disgraced and his career will end in Biafraland.“Today is he not known globally as a criminal? The big question is, what happened to all the innocent Biafrans he killed?” source Suspended senior police officer, Abba Kyari has been accused of staging fake operations. Recall that Kyari is the former head of the Inspector-General of Police Intelligence Response Team, IRT removed over allegations of engaging in fraud alongside international fraudster, Hushpuppi. Simon Ekpa, a disciple of Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the… In "News" According to a report by SaharaReporters, Simon Ekpa, a disciple of Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), has said Nigeria breeds criminals. Ekpa, a Finland-based member of IPOB, who was disengaged from Radio Biafra as a broadcaster, stated this on his Twitter page while reacting to… In "News" The Inspector-General of Police, Usman Baba has called for the arrest of NDLEA officers who connived with disgraced cop, Abba Kyari to traffick cocaine. The IGP urged the Chairman of National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, Brig-Gen Buba Marwa (retd), to immediately arrest the officers of the agency involved in the… In "News"