BY AKIN ADEOYA Show me your friends and I will tell you who you are. A few weeks ago he was arrested by this same NDLEA on suspicion of involvement with drug rings. He displayed utter disgust and swore that he felt so bad to be associated with drugs. He sounded so innocent. Maybe he is. But the evidence suggests the opposite. Shortly after this, he was seen partying with his old friend, the disgraced DCP. So chummy. And of course this was in the very residence of the nation’s serving IGP! Nigeria’s no 1 crime buster. What better way to tell the world that their cries of “down with the crooks” is in vain? He didn’t feel too bad rolling with a man who is wanted for aiding and abetting serious international fraud. His smile was so carefree. Now his friend the DCP is in the news for direct involvement with drug peddling and involvement with serious drug rings. This time the evidence does not provoke the need for argument. It was so brazen. These people are successful, they look good and appear intelligent. But a lot of the time, when you see the pattern of self destructive behaviour they exhibit, you know that it’s all make believe. Many of them have dry mango seeds in place of their grey matter. Behind the alluring wall of smiles and material success lies a vile and dark reality that is dangerous for the survival of our society as a place of decent people. So now when you see the wealth and comfort displayed by a police officer with his modest paycheck and a night club owner who flies around in private jets and lives like an oil shiek, do not be envious. Do not want what you cannot afford.You don’t know the cost. •Source: Facebook Billionaire business mogul Obi Cubana is trending on the microblogging app, Twitter after the arrest of the suspended Deputy Commissioner of Police Abba Kyari. He was arrested alongside four others on Monday over alleged illicit drug links. The arrest came hours after the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency NDLEA declared… In "News" •Obi Cubana ABUJA - Nigerian socialite, Obi Iyiegbu, popularly known as Obi Cubana, has revealed that it was repulsive for the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency to link him with illegal narcotic business. Obi Cubana stated this while speaking at an Instagram live interview with media personality, Daddy Freeze, on… In "Top Stories" •Obi Cubana BY TUNDE ODESOLA Globally, crime is the fugitive that lurks behind every insane quest for money, power and drugs. In most underdeveloped countries, Nigeria inclusive, crime walks unashamedly naked, bigger than the aforementioned threesome, bending the arms of the law over backwards like a twisted branch of a… In "Social Media Feeds"