Nigerian musician, Charly Boy has claimed that most ladies in a relationship have nothing to offer except s#x.  The musician cum activist made the revelation on his Instagram page. He wrote: “A lot of girls complain that guys walk away from them simply because they refused giving them S#x. Some have even turned into S#x toys just to keep their man. Let me be very open here……. S#x might not be the reason these guys walk away Remove s#x from a relationship and see that most girls don’t have anything else to offer their man Aside S#x, what do you have to offer to a man Can you support him Spiritually Can you Support him Physically/Financially How about Mentally All you do is Demand Money for Bags, Shoes, phones, Clothes, and Outings. Making him spend unnecessarily. What are you even bringing to the table Have you ever sat him down and helped him plan about his future Try to be a Woman that a man will always regret losing for the rest of his Life. Be that woman that your man can never afford to lose to another man Build your man to your Taste and stop looking for a ready made husband when you are not a ready made Wife… Thank you”  Source S*x is such an innocent sounding word – three letters with far reaching consequences. A wise man once said of s*x, “S*x to a man is like a hungry man walking into a Mr. Biggs outlet for lunch, what is his business with who cooked the food?” Therein lies the… In "Metro" Lagos -  Veteran musician and media personality, Charly Boy on Tuesday expressed concern over single mothers struggling to survive and urged ladies to shun ``irresponsible and care-free men,’’ for a joyful marriage. Charly Boy took to social media platform and wrote, ``they don't make men like they used to anymore;… In "Entertainment" Memorable childhood experiencesMy childhood experiences were very awesome. I was overly pampered because we are just two, I and my brother. So I had my aunties and uncles doing things for me. When I was in Primary school, I won the overall Most Intelligent Student award and also won the… In "Entertainment"