Kogi State Governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello has signed the implementation of the N30,000 new national minimum wage for public service workers in the State. Governor Bello, represented by his Deputy, Edward Onoja signed the agreement papers during a roundtable with other signees comprising Kogi State NLC Chairman, Onuh Edoka, TUC Chairman, Ranti Mathew, State NUT Chairman, Joel Salifu, Joint Council Chairman, Aaron Yusuf and State NULGE Chairman, Tade Adeyemi. Others are the State NUJ Chairman, Momoh Jimoh, State MHWUN Chairman, Gabriel Amari, State Controller, Federal Ministry of Labour and Employment, Mrs. O.O. Olugbami, Chief Labour Inspector of the Ministry, NLC Women Committee Chairperson, Habibat Umar and their officials. A statement today, February 15 by the Chief Press Secretary to the Deputy Governor,Promise Emmanuel said that the State Government’s negotiation and implementation team were made up of the Secretary to the State Government, Dr. Mrs. Folashade Arike Ayoade, State Head of Service, Mrs. Hannah Odiyo, State Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Barr. Deedat Ozigi, among others. See also: How We’ll Bring Down Prices Of Building Materials, By CBN Boss, EmefieleThe statement quoted Governor Yahaya Bello as expressing pleasure with the development, saying that his administration remains committed to meeting workers’ demands whilst improving their welfare and conditions of service. He called on the organized labor to continually support the government’s drive at repositioning the civil service through good remunerations and emoluments for better results. This was even as the State Chairman of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Onuh Edoka thanked the Governor for prioritizing the workers’ welfare in a period of national economic and financial exigencies affecting all sections of human endeavor. He acknowledged that Kogi has formally joined other states that have signed the N30,000 minimum wage. He commended the State Head of Service, Mrs. Hannah Odiyo for expediting the negotiation and implementation process between the two parties. By Dada Ahmed Lokoja -   Mr Ayuba Wabba, President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), on Friday sympathised with Kogi civil servants over their colleagues wholost their lives arising from non payment of salaries. Wabba expressed the sympathy at the public hearing for the North-Central Zone of the Federal Government Tripartite… In "News" By Obinna Unaeze Minna -  Organised labour in Niger on Friday said that the ongoing strike embarked upon on Feb. 4 would continue until its demands are met by the state government. This was contained in statement jointly signed by Mr Yakubu Garba, chairman Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), his Trade Union… In "News" By Friday Idachaba Lokoja - The Organised Labour in Kogi on Wednesday said that workers would determine the next governor of the state come November 2. The Chairman of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NAN) in the state, Mr Onu Edoka, stated this at the 2019 Workers’ Day (May Day) celebration… In "News"