A second West Ham sponsor has withdrawn its support for the club as the backlash continued over a video showing the defender Kurt Zouma dropping, kicking, and slapping one of his cats. Experience Kissimmee, the tourism authority for Osceola County, Florida, had been evaluating its relationship with West Ham since Zouma was selected to start Tuesday’s game against Watford after the footage went viral. West Ham said that they had fined Zouma “the maximum amount possible” – understood to be two weeks’ wages, amounting to £250,000 – and have condemned his behaviour. The RSPCA has taken Zouma’s two cats into care and is conducting an investigation. The player, who has apologised for his actions, has lost his Adidas footwear sponsorship. According to report, Zouma’s clubmate Michail Antonio queried calls from some quarters for Zouma to be sacked. Asked by a Sky Sports reporter about the case, the forward said: “I’ve got a question for you: so, do you think what he’s done is worse than racism? I’m not condoning a thing that he’s done – I don’t agree with what he’s done at all – but there are people who have been caught for racism and have played football afterwards. “They got punished, they got an eight-game punishment or something like that, but people are now calling for people to be sacked, to lose their livelihood. I’ve just got to ask this question to everyone out there: is what he’s done worse?”       Kurt Zouma has been fined £250,000 (over N180 million) and has had his cats taken away from him by the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) after he was filmed kicking and slapping them. A statement from the animal welfare charity on Wednesday read: "Two cats… In "News" Stoke City hope defender Kurt Zouma and striker Mame Biram Diouf can recover from their injuries in time for Saturday’s Premier League clash with Tottenham Hotspur, manager Paul Lambert said. Zouma, who is on loan at the club from defending champions Chelsea, missed last weekend’s 3-0 defeat by Arsenal with… In "Sports" A West Ham supporter has been banned from football for three years after pleading guilty to racially abusing Liverpool forward Mohamed Salah. Bradley Thumwood, 48, from Bexleyheath, appeared at Thames Magistrates’ Court on Tuesday, where he pleaded guilty to a racially aggravated Section 5 public order offence, the Metropolitan Police… In "Sports"