By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Honourable Nnolim Nnaji, the Chairman House of Representatives Committee on Aviation, has advised against the planned demolition of private hangars obstructing some of the boarding fingers at the new terminal of the Murtala Mohammed International Airport, (MMIA) Lagos. Honourable Nnaji gave the advice at the weekend during a joint oversight inspection tour of the airport by the Senate and House of Representatives committees on Aviation. He regretted that the obstruction was not taken note of during the initial construction of the new terminal noting that rather than spend billions of tax payers’ money on compensation, ” FAAN can restrict the use of the affected fingers to narrow bodied aircraft and deploy the money that would go for compensation to the owners of the facilities to the building of additional terminal”. The Senate counterpart, Distinguished Senator, Smart Adeyemi speaking in support of the House Committee Chairman’s position urged the Managing Director of the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria, (FAAN), Captain Hamisu Yadudu to submit the cost of demolition and compensation due to the owners of the hangars to the two committees for consideration before going ahead to demolish them. “We are the representatives of the People and we must be sure that the resources of the country are not unduly waisted. We must weigh the options and if the amount to be paid out as compensation does not make sound economic judgement we will not allow it.” Senator Adeyemi further stated. He equally stated that the commissioning of the new terminal was long overdue considering that the it was built with borrowed funds and that Lagos airport generates over 60 percent of the authority’s total revenue earnings. Honourable Nnaji impressed it on the management of the authority to ensure that the new terminal is commissioned as soon as possible to ease off congestion at the airport. Federal Government’s plan to concession airports has run into difficulties over an existing debt and pact with China to build four new terminals at the cost of $500 million. The “concession within concession”, according to the coalition of aviation workers’ unions, is untidy and not in the best interest of… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - House of Representatives is spearheading a major reform of the nation's international airports in support of the Federal Government's Ease of Doing Business, (EODB) initiative that will usher in a single security screening point for arriving and departing passengers. This followed the outcome… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) - The six amendment Bills on Aviation brought by the executive to the National Assembly has been passed by the House of Representatives. The House Committee on Aviation led by Honourable Nnolim Nnaji began work on the Bills last year with well attended public hearing… In "Top Stories"