Some of Africa’s football legends, including former Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) winners will take on the field against Refugees in a friendly match on Sunday. Officials of CAF and FIFA will also be participating in the friendly match. A statement by CAF said the match to be played at the Ahmadou Ahidjo Stadium on Sunday from 10 a. m. was an initiative of a partnership between CAF and UNHCR, a UN Refugee Agency. It said a rich list of dignitaries as well as ex-internationals would be taking part in the friendly match. “Heading up the list of players who will take part in the friendly match are CAF President Dr Patrice Motsepe and FIFA President Gianni Infantino. “The list of African legends include Khalilou Fadiga, Elhadji Diouf, Mamadou Niang, Alassane Ndour (Senegal), Didier Drogba, Siaka Tiene (Cote d’Ivoire), Emmanuel Adebayor (Togo), “Others include Daniel Amokachi (Nigeria) and Joseph Antoine Bell, Roger Milla, Lea Charles Eyoum, Rigobert Song, Patrick Mboma and Eric Djemba Djemba (Cameroon),” it said. FRANCEVILLE, Gabon -- President Ali Bongo Ondimba of Gabon on Friday (today) unveiled the 2017 African Cup of Nations (AFCON) Mascot, a black panther named Samba. The black panther is a national symbol of Gabon and demonstrates the Central African nation’s long term commitment to environmental protection, which includes creating… In "Sports" Nairobi - A former senior Kenyan football official was among the 157 people killed in an Ethiopian Airlines crash, the country’s federation said on Monday. Hussein Swaleh, former general secretary of the Kenyan Football Federation (KFF), had been returning to Nairobi after serving as a Match Commissioner on Friday in… In "Foreign" Lagos  -   The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) on Monday said that Nigerian officials would be on duty for CAF Champions League and CAF Confederations Cup competitions on Sunday. ``NFF General Secretary Mohammed Sanusi will be match commissioner for the CAF Confederation Cup second round, first leg encounter between UMS… In "Sports"