A Police sergeant, Adegoke Ogunsola has died in the residence of former Ogun State governor, Gbenga Daniel, in Sagamu Local Government Area of the state.Ogunsola was attached to Daniel’s house which is popularly called Asoludero Court, spokesperson of the Ogun Police Command Abimbola Oyeyemi told Channels TV on Tuesday.  Recounting the incident which occurred last Saturday, Oyeyemi described the death of the policeman as an accident that could happen to anyone.He said Ogunsola was knocked down while trying to open the gate to the house.Oyeyemi added that the sergeant was rushed to a hospital but was confirmed dead later.It was gathered that some policemen are not happy that their colleague, now deceased, was reduced to a gatekeeper.However, the former governor, in a statement by his media office on Monday, said the incident was under investigation.“On Saturday, February 19, 2022, one of the security details assigned to the residence of former Governor Gbenga Daniel, Leke Ogunsola, was involved in an accident at the security gate of the premises. He was immediately taken to a hospital, and then referred to Babcock Hospital in Ilishan.“He was alive and responding as he walked his way to treatment all through until he, unfortunately, passed on later in the day.“The former governor, who was not in Sagamu as of the time of the incident, was duly informed and he has been in touch with the deceased’s family through the police authorities,” the statement said.  source The immediate past governor of Ogun State, Otunba Gbenga Daniel, yesterday accused the Senator representing Ogun East, Chief Buruji Kashamu, of sending hired killers after him. Daniel, in a petition to the Police claimed that “five hefty men, two of them in military fatigue” on Thursday invaded his Abuja residence… In "Top Stories" The Senator representing Ogun East, Buruji Kashamu, has said he does not care if the former Governor of Ogun state, Gbenga Daniel, exists. Daniel had written to the Inspector General of Police, Ibrahim Idris, alleging that Kashamu sent thugs to assassinate him in his Abuja residence. Kashamu has described the… In "News" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja -   Former Vice President and presidential hopeful of the Peoples Democratic Party, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, has appointed former governor of Ogun, Chief Gbenga Daniel, as Director-General of his 2019 presidential campaign. The unveiling of Gbenga Daniel was disclosed in a statement by the Atiku Media… In "Politics"