A robbery operation took a tragic turn as the robbers disagreed and turned against each other, leaving two dead at a popular Resort in Rukenya near Kutus town, Kirinyaga County in Kenya. It was gathered that over nine armed men jumped over the gate of Thiba Falls Resort around 3am, and immediately stripped the guard naked before tying him up. They then broke into the bar counters and engaged in a drinking spree before loading some into a vehicle they had parked outside the premises. Soon after, the gang members turned against each other and began fighting one another using dangerous weapons. The business proprietor Paul Kigundu arrived at the scene shortly after 7am upon being informed of the incident. He said; “When I arrived, I found police officers already at the scene staring at the two bloody stained bodies which were lying apart within the parking bay. There were also many broken bottles that the robbers must have used to fight each other.” Also recovered were an assortment of crude weapons across the road. Gichugu East Sub- County police Commander Antony Mbogo, who also arrived at the scene, declined to talk to the press insisting his seniors were also present trying to piece up the details available before coming to a conclusion as what transpired. Curious onlookers thronged the scene to capture a glimpse of the corpses which were still lying there by 9 am . The bodies were later removed from th scene and taken to Kerugoya Level 4 hospital mortuary to enable police get their fingerprints in order to establish their identities while those who fled were being pursued.      By Aniebo Nwamu The kind of robbery witnessed at Otun-Ekiti, Moba LGA of Ekiti State, on Friday is not uncommon during “-ember months” in Nigeria. The robbers showed no mercy: a bank manager, a cashier and two security men got killed. Then, they escaped with unquantifiable cash before siren-blaring policemen… In "Opinion" Armed robbers have bombarded a branch of WEMA bank in Iyin-Ekiti in Irepodun/Ifelodun local government area of Ekiti. The six-man robbers arrived the town around 3.30pm and blasted the security doors with explosive devise suspected to be dynamite. They carted away several millions in an operation, which lasted 40 minutes.… In "News" Students of Ibrahim Badamosi Babangida University (IBBU) Lapai, Niger State, got their own share of the rising insecurity in the state as heavily armed robbers in the early hours of yesterday raided the off campus hostel of the university, carting away money and other belongings of the students. Over 25… In "News"