The ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has been ridiculed by the National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Dr Iyorchia Ayu.  Ayu mocked APC over its inability to hold a national convention yet. The PDP Chairman stated that there is no way APC would be able to rule the country effectively if it is unable to put its own house in order and organize a convention. Dr. Ayu spoke on Tuesday at the PDP National Secretariat while playing host to the PDP women leaders from the 36 states of the country. He said the inefficiency of the ruling party is what translates to how Nigeria is struggling with so many challenges which the Muhammadu Buhari government has no answer for. According to him, the APC has taken Nigerians back by fifty years. Ayu added that the PDP must rise to the occasion and save Nigerians in 2023. “After the meeting here, the PDP women leader will be going around the zones and possibly states to talk to the ordinary women, we don’t have time, we need to work hard and work faster because we want to take this party back to its winning ways.“Nigerians have suffered under this clueless administration, they cannot even hold a party convention. A party that cannot hold a convention, how can they rule this country. They can’t and that is why the country is suffering because the party has no leadership,” the PDP Chairman submitted. He added, “It is a contraption that has taken us back fifty years. A party that cannot hold a single convention. Check the history of the PDP and see how every one of our conventions has been a success. Nigerians have to look at the party that is organized with a proper leadership that will produce a president that will work with a cabinet which fifty percent will be women.” Speaking during the occasion, the PDP women leader, Professor Stella Effah said the women must join hands with their male counterparts to salvage Nigeria during the 2023 general elections. “We have found ourselves in a terrible situation and people are calling on the PDP to come and rescue Nigeria. We as women must come out and play our part to rescue the country. We are not going to seat down in our comfort zone as it used to be, we must come out of our homes and zones and join forces to rebuild this country,” she said.  source The search for a consensus national chairmanship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), suffered setback on Wednesday night as a scheduled meeting of the Northern stakeholders did not hold. The botched meeting billed to hold at the Bauchi Governor’s lodge had the presence of Governors Bala Mohammed, Samuel Ortom,… In "Top Stories" The ruling All Progressives Congress APC has disclosed of its readiness to go ahead with its national convention in February 2022. National Chairman, Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee CECPC of the party and Yobe state Governor, Mai Mala Buni stated this Friday in Abuja. Buni in the statement which was… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The ruling All Progressives Congress has reiterated its readiness to go ahead with its national convention in February 2022. The National Chairman, Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee CECPC of the party and Yobe state Governor, Mai Mala Buni stated this Friday in Abuja.… In "Top Stories"