Governor of Anambra State, Willie Obiano, has said he will be leaving the state next month as an oil-producing state, with the capacity to produce rice that can sustain itself. Obiano said Anambra State would begin to earn 13 per cent derivation from oil production as an oil-producing state, while reading to journalists a text message from a regulatory agency, notifying him of the lifting of oil from the state, and the intended payment. The governor spoke to journalists in Aguleri, his home town, in the Anambra East Local Government Area of the state after a tour of the Awka International Convention Centre and the Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport in Umueri built in the second tenure of his administration. “I have been notified of this (intention of the federal government to commence payment of 13 percent derivation to Anambra) by the Nigeria Midstream and Downstream Pricing and Regulatory Agency, who had confirmed the lifting of crude oil in commercial quantity from the state. “Anambra has 15 oil wells with the Eniye 10940 oil field operated by SEEPCO fully operational and wholly owned by the state.” Obiano also said the rice production of the state had hit 530,000 metric tonnes yearly from the 85,000 metric tonnes capacity in 2014. “The revolution my administration brought into the agricultural sector had made the state become not only self-sufficient in production but a net exporter of the commodity.” While stating that demand for rice in the state was just 330,000 metric tonnes of the total output, the governor noted that a lot of businesses had been invested in the sector and that many family economies had been transformed. Norbert Obi is the Anambra State Chairman of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA). He spoke with reporters in Awka, the state capital, on about the governorship election and Governor Willie Obiano’s chance at the poll. What is your assessment of Governor W illy Obiano’s performance in office? I will… In "Politics" Kogi State has been recognised by the Revenue Mobilisation Allocation and Fiscal Commission (RMAFC) as an oil producing state. RMAFC confirmed this in a letter dated August 24, 2021, and signed by its Secretary, M.B Shehu. According to the letter which was addressed to the state Governor, Yahaya Bello, the… In "News" AWKA -  Gov. Willie Obiano of Anambra State on Wednesday presented the scorecard of his 100 days in office and expressed the  determination to transform the state to an enviable height. In his speech on the occasion in Awka, Obiano promised to increase workers’ salaries as soon as the internally… In "News"