Frank Pesce, a character actor who appeared in both “Beverly Hills Cop” movies, “Top Gun,” “Midnight Run” and “Miami Vice,” has died aged 75. Born in 1946 in New York City, Pesce’s circle of friends included Sylvester Stallone, Tony Danza, and Robert Forster, among others. Known for his big smile and colorful personality, Pesce first appeared on screen in 1976 as a guest star on “Police Story.” Throughout his career, he appeared on other series such as “Kojak,” “Knight Rider,” “Blue Thunder,” “The Greatest American Hero,” “Matlock,” “Who’s the Boss?” and “The Master.” Pesce landed small roles in Stallone films “Rocky” and “Paradise Alley,” as well as Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer’s smash hits “Flashdance” and “Top Gun.” In a statement to Variety, Pesce’s girlfriend Tammy Scher said, “I met Frank at a very low point in my life. He always said he saved me and he was right. I’d never met anyone like him. Frank was a force larger than life or any fictional character, always entertaining, intriguing and fascinating. Unafraid to approach anyone and immediately make an acquaintance. Celebrities flocked to be near him as he had an encyclopedia of knowledge about music and movies.” Pesce is survived by his brother, Vito Pesce, sister-in-law Catherine Pesce and nieces Vanessa and Danielle Pesce. He will be buried on Feb. 18 at Saint Raymond’s Cemetery in the Bronx, according to Deadline.      A video has surfaced online showing the moment, controversial rapper, Cardi B confronted the police as they arrested her husband, Offset in Beverly Hills, California   The rap queen rolled up at the scene in a black Rolls Royce as Offset argued with the cops, who dragged him out of… In "Entertainment" By Prudence Arobani New York -  The United Nations and the United States have expressed shock at Saudi Arabia’s confirmation that journalist Jamal Khashoggi was killed inside its Consulate in Istanbul after a fight. In a statement released by his Spokesperson in New York, the UN Secretary-General, Anthonio Guterres said… In "Foreign" Policemen from the Ebonyi State Police Command have shot a suspected armed robber along the Oso Edda-Ivo Highway in the Ivo Local Government Area of the state. The suspect, Onyekachi Mmerole, 30, who hails from Isiukwuato Local Government Area of Abia State, met his waterloo while he and his gang… In "Metro"