 Kenya withdrew its national women’s team from this month’s African Women Cup of Nations qualifiers against Uganda after failing to get the team reinstated by the Confederation of Africa Football. The government-sponsored caretaker committee had appealed to the continent’s football body to allow the Harambee Starlets play the final round qualifier against the Uganda Crested Cranes in Kampala on February 17 after the sport’s governing body in Kenya, the FKF, pulled the team out in January. Kenyan sports minister Amina Mohammed said last month that a “suspected fraud” was behind the team’s sudden withdrawal from the competition as no such request had been authorised by the government. The committee chairman Justice Aaron Ringera said officials had “exhausted all avenues” to find a solution that would allow the team to participate in the qualifiers. “We are now left with no other option than to disband the camp and allow the girls to go back home,” Ringera told a news conference. “Harambee Starlets will not play in the AWCON qualifiers.” As a result, the Uganda Crested Cranes will now automatically qualify for the finals to be held in Morocco in August. In November, Mohamed disbanded the FKF over corruption allegations and appointed the caretaker committee to oversee the sport in Kenya for a period of six months. The FKF’s suspended chief was later charged with corruption, accused of embezzling millions of Kenyan shillings. Kenyan football has long been beset by financial woes often stemming from poor management and corruption, while Kenya’s men’s national team have failed to shine on the pitch.  (Punch) Kenya and Tanzania crashed out of qualifying for the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations while their neighbours Uganda reach the group stages. Lesotho caused an upset as they held Kenya to an 0-0 draw on Sunday in Nairobi, a result that was enough to see the visitors advance 1-0 on… In "Sports" Tanzania have parted ways with their once cherished coach and former Nigeria international Emmanuel Amuneke after what the Tanzania Football Federation (TFF) dubbed poor outing at the ongoing Nations Cup in Egypt. Amuneke who made history by qualifying the Taifa Stars of Tanzania for the Nations cup for the first… In "Sports" Abuja - The Confederation of African Football (CAF) has picked Monday, Sept. 14 as date for the draw of the second Africa U-23 Cup of Nations in Senegal. A statement on the website of the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) stated the championship would hold in Dakar and M’Bour. The two… In "Sports"