The Northern Governors Forum has expressed sadness over the demise of Magajin Garin Sokoto, Alh. Hassan Danbaba,  grandson of late Premier of the Northern Region, Sir Ahmadu Bello. Danbaba died on Saturday in Kaduna . The Chairman of the forum and governor of Plateau,  Mr Simon Lalong commiserated with the family, the Sokoto caliphate and the northern region in a message by his Director of Press and Public Affairs,  Dr. Makut Macham on Sunday in Jos . The forum described the Magajin Garin Sokoto as a highly respected traditional leader who walked in the footsteps of his grandfather, and used his influence to serve his people and facilitated opportunities for them. The forum eulogised Danbaba for his devotion to the service of his people through humility, hard work, generosity and forthrightness, adding that his death was  a loss to the nation at large. . “As an influential title holder in the Sokoto Caliphate, the deceased carried himself with dignity and candour, working with other leaders within the North and other parts of the country to find solutions to the many challenges of the nation. “His role in reviving agriculture particularly rice farming has been widely acknowledged.” The chairman also conveyed the heartfelt condolences of the forum to the Sultan of Sokoto, Alh. Sa’ad Abubakar III, Gov. Aminu Tambuwal, and the government and people of Sokoto state. By Bashir Rabe Mani Sokoto -   A Sokoto State Sharia Court on Friday issued a bench warrant for the arrest of a Senior Councillor in the Sultanate Council of Sokoto and Magajin Garin Sokoto, Alhaji Hassan Danbaba. The News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN) reports that Justice Umar Sifawa,… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate President, Ahmad Lawan and the Yobe State Governor, Mai Mala Buni on Thursday morning departed Abuja for Kano to condole with the Emir of Kano, Aminu Ado Bayero, on the death of his mother, Hajiya Maryam Ado Bayero. This was disclosed… In "News" By Hassana Yakubu   Kaduna -  Plateau State Attorney General and Commissioner of Justice, Prof. Clement Dakas has called for greater investment in the education to guarantee brighter future for young men and women in Northern Nigeria and end restiveness. Dakas said on Wednesday in Kaduna during the annual Sir… In "News"