Manchester United goalkeeper, David de Gea has claimed that the club is “cursed” as their wait for silverware continues. The Spaniard won the Premier League in his second season at Old Trafford, before lifting the FA Cup in 2016 and both the League Cup and Europa League in 2017 respectively.  Since then they have been several managers who failed to challenge domestically and also fell short in various cup competitions. De Gea admits discussions are held internally about why they are not adding to the club’s trophy cabinet. The goalkeeper also questioned why the current stars are struggling in games. “I think someone has put a curse on us or something,” he told El Pais. “The truth is I don’t know what’s going on, I really don’t. “People always ask me and we talk about it as team-mates and we just say ‘we don’t know what’s happening’. “We should have competed for more trophies, bigger titles, but I just don’t know why this team doesn’t function.” United’s main focus this term is finishing in the top four with the Premier League title beyond them. They were dumped out of the Carabao Cup early on before Middlesbrough ended their FA Cup hopes last week in a penalty shootout. The Champions League remains their only hope of silverware this term. Ralf Rangnick’s side will take on Atletico Madrid in the last 16 later this month.      Manchester United goalkeeper, David De Gea has signed a new long-term contract at the club that will keep him at Old Trafford until June 2023. Man United made this known in a statement on the club’s official website on Monday. “David De Gea has signed a new long-term contract with… In "Sports" Manchester United have confirmed the signing of Argentina goalkeeper Sergio Romero on a three-year deal, reuniting manager Louis van Gaal with a player who helped bring him a Dutch title but also caused him World Cup heartache. The 28-year-old, who played under Van Gaal at Dutch side AZ Alkmaar,… In "Sports" London - Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba is a positive influence in the dressing room and must extend his stay at the club to help bring trophies back to Old Trafford, team mate Juan Mata said. Pogba said last month that he could seek a new challenge after three years… In "Sports"