Many very desperate Ukrainians have been seen fleeing Kyiv and stockpiling food after Russia launched a “full-scale” attack.  Russian President Vladimir Putin declared a “specialist military operation” was underway in the rebel-controlled areas in the east of Ukraine in the early hours of Thursday (February 24).Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba says Russia has launched a “full-scale” attack with troops crossing the border on several fronts.As a result, residents in the country’s capital of Kyiv have started fleeing towards the west of the country – away from the direction of the invasion which is coming in from the east and north.In a number of videos posted on Twitter, huge traffic jams have been spotted on the outskirts of Ukraine’s largest city.One video was captioned: “Air raid sirens as refugee convoy hits traffic on outskirts of Kyiv. This is very, very real now.”Another video was accompanied by the caption: “Evacuation of Kyiv, the capital of Ukraine, underway under emergency sirens.”One Twitter user commented: “Geez, just listening to that made my heart start pounding with fear. To actually be there must be horrendous.”All I can do is ask for the Great Spirit to protect the Ukrainian people.”A second wrote: “My heart hurts for Ukraine and it’s [sic] people, my people and family. I hope this is stopped soon and with as little loses as possible. I wish I was able to do something. It hurts not to be able to help.”A third said: “This is bone chilling and so hard to watch”.Residents in Kyiv are taking shelter in a metro stationShoppers have been seen rushing to supermarkets to stockpile on food fearing that there will be a shortage as a result of the invasion.According to Ukrainian outlet Channel 24, people were also queueing up at ATMs to withdraw whatever cash they could, while long waits are also being reported at petrol stations.Some Kyiv residents have huddled in underground metro stations to take refuge from the invasion.US President Joe Biden has since condemned the military action by Russia as “unprovoked and unjustified” and taking to Twitter, Boris Johnson revealed that he has spoken with President Zelenskyy.The PM wrote: “I am appalled by the horrific events in Ukraine and I have spoken to President Zelenskyy to discuss next steps.”President Putin has chosen a path of bloodshed and destruction by launching this unprovoked attack on Ukraine. The UK and our allies will respond decisively.”  Source At least six persons have been confirmed dead and seven persons injured after a bomb exploded today in the southern Odesa region of Ukraine. This is as Russia declared war on Ukraine on Thursday. The bombing was confirmed to newsmen in a statement credited to Ukraine’s General Office of the… In "News" BRUSSELS/DONETSK (Reuters) - NATO said on Monday there was a "high probability" that Russia could launch an invasion of Ukraine, where the government said its troops have been closing in on Donetsk, the main city held by pro-Russian rebels. Kiev said it was in the "final stages" of recapturing Donetsk,… In "Foreign" Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy said on Friday that an all-out war with neighbouring Russia was a possibility and that he wanted to have a substantive meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Asked at the Yalta European Strategy (YES) summit if there could really be an all-out war with Russia, which… In "Foreign"