A pro-Tinubu coalition has accused enemies of being behind the viral video showing Bola Tinubu in wet cloth.  The Support Groups Management Council released a statement concerning the alleged wet cloth. Recall that the politician had visited some top traditional rulers in Ogun State with the goal of consulting on his 2023 presidential ambition. However, after the meeting a video had surfaced on social media of the chieftain in a wet dress which some alleged to be pee. In a statement signed by its Director of Media and Publicity, Biodun Ajiboye, the group stated that the picture was a plan cooked up by the politician’s haters to discredit and question his health. They maintained that Tinubu is healthy and ready to win the 2023 election. “This time it is that he wetted his dress! “Assuming without conceding that is the case, so is it the back of his knees that would be wet and not the bum area? So if he wetted his babariga, he would not cover it and would still move to be flat to greet the Awujale of Ijebuland in the full glare of everyone present?” The coalition wondered. “It was the usual photoshop manipulations and shallow mental agility that pushed them to dispense a feeble narrative that made no iota of sense. “Yet as their video showed, it was after their wetting incident that he went ahead and prostrated to Kabiyesi. “We want to assure Nigerians that Asiwaju Bola Tinubu is healthy and strong enough to undertake the responsibilities involved in the expected rigours of campaigns and politicking when the time comes.”  Source A former media aide to ex-President, Goodluck Jonathan, Reno Omokri said it will not be right if Bola Tinubu sacks his aide seen covering his nose after he reportedly wet his cloth. Tinubu is the national leader of the All Progressives Congress. Omokri stated this while reacting to video clips… In "News" A viral video of the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Bola Tinubu's wet agbada has gotten the attention of Nigerian activist, Omoyele Sowore. According to Sowore, Tinubu is not well. In the viral clip, a security personnel was seen gazing at the wet part of the dress… In "News" Irrespective of the roadblock against  the compulsory direct primary option in the selection of political party candidates for the 2023 general elections, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu will contest the All Progressives Congress, APC, presidential primary, multiple sources within and outside his camp have disclosed. However, his efforts will sooner than later… In "Politics"