Yoruba nation agitator, Sunday Igboho has dragged the Benin Republic to the Community Court of Justice, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) over his continued detention. Igboho has now filed a suit demanding five hundred and sixty million Naira damages for each day he has been imprisoned in the Benin Republic.  He called on the court for an order awarding him general damages over the alleged violation of his human right by the Republic of Benin. Igboho was arrested in Benin while trying to escape to Germany from the country after being raided at his Soka residence by the Department of State Services. The Yoruba Nation agitator through his lawyer, Tosin Ojaomo sought an order declaring that his continued detention by Benin violates his dignity of the human person. He said that the order sought is Under Article 59 of Rules of Procedure, an Expedited Procedure and Hearing, regarding the imprisonment and release of Chief Adeyemo. Ojaomo in the application dated February 10, 2022, sought an Order for the immediate and unconditional release of Igboho, along with his Nigerian passport, pending litigation and determination on damages. Igboho’s counsel said the application is brought under Article 3(4) of the 2005 Supplementary Protocol A/SP.1/01/05, by which “the Court has jurisdiction to determine (the) case of violation of human rights that occur in any Member State.” “Article 11(1) of the 1991 Community Court of Justice Protocol (A/P.I/7/91) by which “cases may be brought before the Court by an application addressed to the Court Registry.” “The Revised Treaty of Economic Community of West African States (“ECOWAS Treaty”), Articles 56(2) and 57. “The African Charter on Human and Peoples’ Rights (the “Banjul Charter”), Articles 1, 4, 5, 6, 7, 12(1), 12(2), 12(3), and 17(2).”  Source Yoruba Nation agitator, Sunday Igboho, has been reportedly diagnosed with possible kidney or lungs illness. One of his lawyers, Yomi Aliyyu, made this known in an interview with BBC Yoruba, noting that the rights activist developed the illness in Benin Republic prison custody. According to him, the agitator has also… In "News" The Coordinator of Legal Affairs for the detained Yoruba Nation agitator, Sunday Adeyemo (Sunday Igboho), Olasupo Ojo, has said Igboho has no plan to change his Benin-based lawyers. Igboho, had in a leaked audio, expressed anger with his team of about 10 lawyers in Benin Republic for failing to secure… In "Features" Sunday Adeyemo (Igboho), standing trial in the Benin Republic has told the court that he fled Nigeria to avoid being killed. The Yoruba Nation agitator, who was arrested on July 19 with his wife while attempting to travel to Germany, has been charged with illegal entry into the Benin Republic.… In "News"