Abuja – The bail granted the Publicity Secretary of the People’s Democratic Party, Ebonyi State, Nwoba Chika Nwoba, calls for, not only celebration, but deep thoughts about the danger democracy is running into in Ebonyi state.  It will be recalled that Nwoba was abducted in a commando-style on January 9, 2021, by known officers and agents of the Ebonyi state government under the dreaded Ebubeagu outfit. The swift intervention of the state PDP deputy chairman, who invited the police to the scene, saved Nwoba from being killed by his abductors.  To the bewilderment of all, rather than arresting the culprits, the police turned around to detain Nwoba until January 26 when he was arraigned in court; for the following offence:  “That you Nwoba Chika Nwoba “M” on the 23rd day of September, 2020 at Ikwo L.G.A. within the jurisdiction of this Honourable Court did knowingly and intentionally publish and circulate message via your Facebook Profile (known as Nwoba Chika Nwoba) and falsely credited it to David Umahi, which is a statement, grossly offensive and likely to disturb public peace knowing or having reason to believe that such statement, report is false which statement reads:  “the truth is that the people in Gov. David Umahi’s government are not happy. They have a lot of vital information to leak to the public. What their problem has been overtime is, who’ll have the guts to air it out and not uncover the source….”  The offence for which Mr. Nwoba was charged brings to the fore the fact that any fair comment on Ebonyi State Government talk less mentioning the name of Gov. David Umahi is certain to be punishable by either death or torture or unlawful incarceration or indefinite detention via the instrumentation of a subdued magistrate under a charge that has no place in a democratic society.      The celebration today is not just because Nwoba has been granted bailed, but because he is alive and that the Deputy Chairman was available and intervened to disrupt the abduction. Otherwise, he would have disappeared to be found death like many others.   Nwoba’s abduction is only one of the many cases of killings, maiming and intimidation of the opposition or any person that holds dissent opinion in Ebonyi state since Governor David Umahi defected from the PDP to the APC in 2020.  In another bizarre development, the governor on January 25, 2022, without reason or cause, directed that Linus Okorie, a former member of the House of Representatives, be declared wanted and followed up same by sending the dreaded Ebubeagu to beseech his Abakaliki home in an attempt to abduct him. His saving grace was that he was not at home at the time of the invasion.  On the 21/2/2022, the seat of the Deputy Speaker of the Ebonyi State House of Assembly, Odefa Obasi Odefa, was dramatical declared vacant on a bizarre allegation that he had resigned from his membership of the House of Assembly. In doing this, the Speaker of Ebonyi State House of Assembly did not even consider the integrity of the House in raising such claim. We look forward to seeing the reaction of the Ebonyi State Police Command now that Mr. Odefa has clarified that his signature was forged and he is only been hunted because he affirmed his inability to defect to APC. True to the reign of terror in Ebonyi State, deadly hoodlums numbering over 50 were dispatched to surround his country home with unclear intentions. It took the firm resolve of Youths of the community to dislodge them and save the deputy speaker and his family from evident danger.   Just today, the same House of Assembly in another childlike drama purportedly declared the seat of two more members, Oliver Ossi and Ngozi Eziulo vacant, for the same reason of reaffirming their membership of the PDP.  As a leader of a party built on the rule of law, the PDP, and a defender of democracy, I remain resolute in conjunction with other leaders, in using all lawful means to protect the citizens and obtain justice for the oppressed, aggrieved and all victims of the nefarious activities sponsored by the state government. If the Ebonyi State House of Assembly and their master cares, they can declare the whole of Ebonyi State House of Assembly vacant, that will not change the resolve of the 9 out of 24 members that have vowed to remain in PDP. In the same vein, no amount of torture, killing or abduction that will change the resolve of all well-meaning citizens of Ebonyi State from remaining in the party of their choice the PDP.   I, therefore, urge all Ebonyians to remain steadfast; even in the face of intimidation, killings and suppression, as all necessary actions are being taken to ensure that the state is rescued and made greater in 2023.  The will of the people, working together, is stronger than the combination of guns of these official killers rampaging they state.  Finally, I welcome Chika Nwoba back to freedom and the warmth and love of his immediate family that has been truncated by a government we all worked hard to install in the hope that it will ensure our welfare and security. Chika must not be intimidated into silence or acquiescence because of this experience for success always comes after much struggles.  Let me reassure all that evil lasts only for a time. We shall overcome.  Anyim Pius Anyim, GCON. Former President of the Senate The state Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Chika Nwoba, who was arrested by the police in January 2022 has now spent one month in detention. A former Senate President, Bukola Saraki, has also expressed disappointment over Nwoba’s detention, who was arrested on a “flimsy excuse of circulating… In "News" The Publicity Secretary of the People’s Democratic Party, PDP, Chike Nwoba has been remanded by a Magistrate Court sitting in Abakaliki, Ebonyi State on Thursday. Nwoba is in police custody for allegedly publishing materials against the member representing Ezza/Ikwo federal constituency, Chinedu Oga on Facebook. It was gathered that the… In "News" By Chukwuemeka Opara Abakaliki - Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi has appointed Dr Kenneth Ugbala as the Secretary to the State Government (SSG). The governor also re-appointed Dr Offor Okorie as his Chief of Staff and Chief Clement Nweke as Principal Secretary. The appointments were contained in a statement signed… In "News"