Salihi Ateequ, the Executive Chairman, Adamawa State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB), has said that no single primary school teacher has been promoted in the state in the last 14 years. Mr Ateequ disclosed this in an interview on Monday in Yola, adding that the teachers are still being paid N18,000 monthly, and not the new N32,000 minimum wage. “Primary school teachers in the state have not been promoted for the past 14 years and it is very demoralizing,” he said. The SUBEB chairman said the board was advising the administration of incumbent Governor Ahmadu Fintiri on solutions. “The board sat down, analysed the situation and finally took decision to advice the government on how to overcome and solve the tragic condition. “We took the data of all those who are supposed to be promoted and upgraded for the past 14 years; we found that the amount owing is enormous. “It is about N300 million and all these facts were not done during this present administration,” the chairman said. He, however, explained that SUBEB had advised the state government to consider the payment in batches, so as to gradually reduce the huge burden. He said the government was advised to pay for four years at once and another four years in block, adding that “within a short period all the amount will be paid off.” Abuja - In spite of concerns in many states where teachers were owed many months of salaries, some state governments were up-to-speed in payment of the salaries. The state governments had ensured prompt payment of salaries, thereby not owing both primary and secondary school teachers any salary arrears. A survey… In "News" By Auwalu Yusuf-Birnin Kudu   Daura    -      The Katsina State Basic Universal Education Board (SUBEB) says it has reinstated 22 primary school teachers sacked by the previous administration and paid them arrears of salaries. Malam Lawal Buhari, the Chairman, SUBEB, made this known in an interview with the News Agency… In "News" By Ibukun Emiola Ibadan - The Oyo State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB) on Friday threatened to terminate all uncompleted and unexecuted contracts, three years after they were awarded. Oyo SUBEB’s Executive Chairman, Dr Nureni Adeniran, said this in a statement issued by the Board’s Spokesman, Michael Ogunsina, in Ibadan.… In "Education"