Nasir El-Rufai, the Kaduna State Governor, has disclosed that investigation revealed some serving police and military officers have links with bandits terrorising the state and others.  El-Rufai spoke on Thursday during the weekly briefing organised by the Presidential Communication Media Team at the Presidential Villa, Abuja.He, however, added that there was still a lot of work to be done to have concrete evidence to support the report of the investigation, Daily Post reports.He said, “We’re concerned and it’s not impossible to have infiltrators.“As I alluded to when I was answering this question, the preliminary report of (investigation into) Boko Haram financing also showed some links to bandits and pointed to some police and military officers in service as having some communication or connection with the bandits.“So, there’s always that risks, in any system you have traitors and we are concerned about that. But till date, we don’t have any firm evidence of that. I think a lot more work needs to be done.”The governor said there is an urgent need for the government to block the financing and logistics chain of the bandits, saying the criminal gangs are making enough money to destabilise Nigeria.  source The Inspector-General of Police (IGP) Mohammed Adamu, says bandits in North West are Boko Haram and ISWAP members. He made the declaration in Kaduna on Thursday, during a meeting with top Police Commanders over recent attacks in the state. The IGP stated that the reinforced attacks need new war strategies… In "News" The spate of insecurity in the country assumed a more dangerous dimension on Monday as Boko Haram insurgents made inroads into Niger State and gunmen killed two students of Greenfield University in Kaduna state. Also on Monday, the Vice-Chancellor of the Federal University of Agriculture, Makurdi, Benue State, Professor Richard… In "News" Abuja - Governor Nasir el-Rufai, of Kaduna State has urged the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board to stop giving “preferential scores” to students in Northern Nigeria who sit for the Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination. He stated this on Monday as a guest on Channels Television’s ‘Sunrise Daily’ breakfast programme. According… In "Top Stories"