By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has directed the Executive Chairman of Gboko LGC, Hon James Kachina to immediately construct a bridge at Adi, linking ricemill community Gboko using ecological funds. Similarly, Governor Ortom has also directed the State Universal Basic Education Board, SUBEB, to construct a block of three classrooms at St Theresa’s Primary School Gboko and furnish same with plastic desks and chairs. The Chief Press Secretary to the Benue Governor, Nathaniel Ikyur disclosed this in a statement made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja on Sunday. According to the statement, the Governor gave the directives Sunday,  February 27th, 2022 in Gboko during a thanksgiving service in honour of Commissioner for Health and Human Services, Prof Joseph Ngbea, held at St Theresa’s Catholic Church, Rice Mill, Gboko. Governor Ortom who gave the directives following requests by the Parish Priest of St Theresa’s Catholic Church, Rice Mill, Gboko West, Rev Fr Jacob Tondu, also donated money for replacement of the roof at the Church. At the residence of the celebrant, the Governor described Ngbea as a worthy son of Mbayion, Jemgbagh and Benue State at large who is not just a Commissioner but his family doctor who also handles many health challenges of people on his (Governor’s) behalf. While advising Dr Ngbea to remain humble and prepare for bigger opportunities following prayers for him, the Governor also acknowledged the support for his administration by the people of Jemgbagh, stressing that as they celebrate Dr Ngbea, they will also be celebrated. In separate remarks, House of Representatives Member for Gboko-Tarka, Rt Hon John Dyegh and Secretary to the State Government, Professor Anthony Ijohor, SAN, acknowledged the love shown by the Governor to the people of Gboko and pledged their support to calls for the Governor to run for Senate in 2023. Earlier at the thanksgiving service, Dr Joseph Ngbea who thanked God for blessing him in several ways, also expressed gratitude to Governor Ortom for the trust and confidence reposed in him. Consensus Chairmanship Candidate of the People’s Democratic Party, PDP in Gboko Local Government Area, Hon Isaac Mtom pledged the commitment of youth to the Governor’s Senate aspiration, adding that as a young man, he will not disappoint the confidence reposed in him by the elders. First Lady of Benue State and wife of the Governor, Dr Mrs Eunice Ortom, selected elders and wives of prominent government appointees also accompanied the Governor on the thanksgiving service. Dangote Pays N700m Tax To Benue StatE, Rolls Out CSR Schemes By Nse Anthony-Uko ABUJA ( Sundiata Post) -- The Governor of Benue State Samuel Ortom has said that the Dangote Cement Plc, Gboko Plant, has paid a staggering N7000million tax to the Government of Benue State. The Governor who was… In "Business" By Emmanuel Antswen Makurdi - Gov Samuel Ortom has expressed shock at the sudden death of His Lordship, Bishop Peter Adoboh, Catholic Bishop of Katsina-Ala Diocese. The governor’s grief is contained in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary (CPS), Mr Terver Akase on Saturday in Makurdi. News Agency… In "News" The President of Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari has condemned attack on Benue Governor, Samuel Ortom by some unknown gunmen. Buhari condemned the attack on Sunday describing it as unacceptable, warning, however, that the incident should not be politicised. Buhari who said an attack on any Nigerian is an attack on all… In "News"