The Central Bank of Nigeria, on Friday, enlightened and encouraged Nigerians to embrace the use of eNaira and other programmes to grow Nigeria economy. The CBN Governor, Mr Godwin Emefiele, who stated this at the end of two days CBN Fair on Friday in Asaba, said that the Apex Bank played an additional complementary role of credit re-direction to the preferred sector of the economy. Emefiele represented by the Director Cooperate Communication Department of the CBN, Mr Osita Nwanisobi, urged Nigerians, especially the young graduates to key into CBN programmes. He said some of these programmes include Real Sector Financing and Interventions, Payment Systems Initiative, Consumer Protection, Clean Naira Note Policy among others. He said, “The Central Bank of Nigeria Fair is an enlightenment campaign to sensitize the public in Asaba, Delta State on its various initiatives and policy. “CBN is playing an additional and complementary role to create employment opportunities, enhance output and therefore, we have good programmes for every Nigerians, to ensure economic growth. “These programmes are to stimulate economic growth by helping to diversify economy and stimulate exchange rate” The Central Bank of Nigeria on Monday announced the introduction of a new financial instrument to be known as “The 100 for 100 Policy on Production and Productivity” to boost local production and productivity in various sectors of the economy. The CBN Governor, Godwin Emefiele, disclosed this in Abuja during… In "News" The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), on Monday, launched the eNaira platform. The eNaira is a culmination of several years of research work by the Central Bank of Nigeria in advancing the boundaries of payments system in order to make financial transactions easier and seamless for every stratum of… In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari will unveil the Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC), known as the eNaira, today at the State House, Abuja. The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) had in February barred banks and financial institutions from dealing in or facilitating transactions in cryptocurrencies, warning of “severe regulatory sanctions” and freezing… In "News"