Bandits have demanded N30 million as compensation from Tashar Biri, a Village in the Yatumaki of Dan Musa Local Government Area of Katsina State.  The terrorists said failure would result in attacks. The threat was contained in a warning notice by the terrorists which asked the residents to pay N30 million to compensate the death of its leader who was killed recently by men of the military. Airstrikes executed recently by the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) aircraft in Katsina State killed a notorious bandit kingpin known as Dankarami. According to SaharaReporters, Dankarami (small) was born and raised in a settlement called Lambar Gabas in Rukudawa district in the Zurmi Local Government Area. He reportedly owned a mansion with more than 38 rooms, a mosque and an Islamiyya school in the local community. The kingpin is also known as Gwaska. His settlement, Lambar Gabas, is situated not more than two kilometres east of Rukudawa, a farming community that has suffered a series of deadly assaults by armed bandits for more than a decade. His foot soldiers are notoriously known as “Yan Shabakwai” or the “teenagers” because they are mostly young and are responsible for most of the abductions, cattle rustling and deadly raids on dozens of communities. He was, however, killed when he visited one Sabira, a teenage girl he had forcibly married in Tashar Biri village. His apostles have since his demise demanded that the community provide Sabira and her mother and pay N30 million, or risk being attacked. Also, in the absence of Sabira, the terrorists were said to have abducted her grandmother and one Aliyu, identified as her son. Most residents have fled the village after they got a hint that the leader of the bandits, one Mai Lore, would raid the community and kill everyone.  Source The fight against terror in Nigeria has been a theatre of the absurd. What began as a tiny spark of itinerant fanatics taking a pledge against western education mutated into a full-fledged non-state army currently ranked as the third deadliest globally. Yet, banditry is another fast-growing franchise. State response has… In "Column - Thursday" •Sheik Gumi The recent abduction of 27 pupils and 15 workers of Government Science College, Kagara, Niger State by armed bandits is another demonstration of the dilapidated state of security in Nigeria and the Nigerian State's failure to secure the lives and ensure the safety of her citizens. According to… In "Column - Monday" Gunmen have demanded N180 million ransom for a Sharia Court judge, an American returnee, as well as five other persons held in their dens. The judge was abducted in Katsina, the Amercan returnee farmer in Kwara, and the five persons in Niger. Muritala Adebayo, a farm owner, was abducted at… In "News"