 Commissioner of Police in Anambra, Mr Echeng Echeng, has called on traditional institutions to use their vintage positions to complement efforts of the police in ensuring a secured state. DSP Toochukwu Ikenga, police spokesman in Anambra stated in Awka on Saturday that Echeng made the call when he visited the Chairman, Anambra State Traditional Rulers Council, the Obi of Onitsha, Igwe Alfred Achebe. Echeng also urged traditional rulers to use their closeness to communities to promote national interests and to support security agencies in the fight against crime. He said honest and patriotic involvement was important in identifying individual differences and prioritisation of goals. “We must develop deliberate plans in addressing the challenges facing the state. “I call on you, our respected traditional rulers in Anambra, to use your position to open channels of communication with your subjects to promote security and national interests. “We need honest and patriotic involvement in order to identify our differences,’’ Echeng said. In his response, Igwe Achebe thanked Echeng and members of his entourage, the top hierarchy of the police in Anambra, for the visit and assured of traditional rulers’ collaboration to enhance public safety and peace. (NAN) By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Ahead of the governorship election in Anambra state, the Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Prof. Mahmood Yakubu has arrived in Akwa, the Anambra State capital and immediately went into consultation with the State Commissioner of Police, Mr. Echeng E. Echeng.… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Usman Alkali Baba has ordered the immediate posting of CP, Echeng Eworo Echeng as the new Commissioner of Police (CP) to Anambra State. The new CP, Echeng, takes over from CP Tony Olofu who has been redeployed to… In "Top Stories" Security operatives have apprehended a man alleged to have killed Kenechukwu Okereke, a staunch supporter of President Muhammadu Buhari. The tenant accused of killing Okereke has now been arraigned in court and also remanded in prison custody. The deceased, a staunch supporter of President Muhammadu Buhari, was popular for speaking… In "Features"