Actor, Kolawole Ajeyemi, has said being married to a good wife would lead to progress for a man. Speaking during an interview session shared on his YouTube Channel, Ajeyemi, who is married to fellow actress, Toyin Abraham, said, “My wife is the one thing I love the most, though I also love my kids and my mother. Aside from God, my wife makes me happy. If one has a good wife or husband, the person does not know how much God has blessed one. If one gets married to someone that is not meant for one, there are bound to be problems. That does not mean me and my wife don’t have disagreements. No relationship is perfect. The individuals involved just learn to tolerate one another. If one gets married to a good wife, one would make progress in life. May God help those looking for life partners to choose right. People say a wife must not be richer than her husband but if God has destined one person to be richer than the other, one is good to go. The most important thing is that they support each other. Having love for one another is the most important thing. Our leaders would treat us better if they love us. The Bible says, ‘Love your neighbour as yourself’.”       Toyin Abraham's husband has taken to social media to react following recent claims by actress, Lizzy Anjorin.  Toyin Abraham's husband has reacted to the defamation of his wife by Lizzy Anjorin Kolawole Ajeyemi, husband of actress, Toyin Abraham has reacted to Lizzy Anjorin’s defamation of his wife on social media. Recall that… In "Entertainment" •Nollywood actor Kolawole Ajeyemi Nollywood actor Kolawole Ajeyemi has finally reacted to those who believe that his wife Toyin Abraham is behind his flamboyant lifestyle. There have been side talks on social media that the actor's wife was behind his recently acquired Lexus SUV. In a post shared via his… In "News" Popular Nigerian actor, Kolawole Ajeyemi pens down lovely words as he praises his wife, Toyin Abraham for been strong at childbirth. The actor, Kolawole Ajeyemi advises men to worship their women as he talks about the pains, tears and other rigorous things women pass through at childbirth. He wrote: "`_Women… In "Entertainment"