Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has advised Nigerians to reject politicians trying to use “sectional sentiments” to grab power. The vice president gave the advice on Monday while speaking at the inaugural conference of APC Professional Forum themed ‘The Role of Professionals in Politics and National Building’ held at the Old Banquet Hall of the State House, Abuja. He also said professionals who are politicians must stand out as people acquainted with an assessment based on their achievements and used to making competence as the first means of showcasing their acumen. He said there was no point to have professionals in politics if they were “driven by ethnic, religious and other parochial considerations”, stressing that “the whole point of professionalism is that you are defined by merit, you are defined by your professional acumen.” Osinbajo stressed the need for all stakeholders to realise that it was no longer sustainable to keep finding individual solutions to collective challenges. While fielding questions, the senator representing Nasarawa Central, Umaru Tanko Al-Makura, said efforts would be made to make people considering politics a profession to lose their jobs. Earlier, Dr Isa Yuguda, former Governor of Bauchi State and Chairman, Board of Trustees (BoT), APC Professionals Forum, said the success of any political party in government was majorly dependent on the delivery of democratic dividends and good governance to the people. Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo has urged leaders of the People’s Democratic Party, (PDP), to cross over to the  ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, before they die. Osinbajo made the appeal on a lighter note during a dinner to celebrate 80th birthday former National Chairman of… In "Top Stories" By Donald Ugwu Ibadan -  Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has advised Nigerian youths to be innovative, creative and cultivate good virtues and hard work for self development. Osinbajo gave the advice while addressing the 10th Convocation Ceremony of the Lead City University (LCU), Ibadan; one of the growing private tertiary… In "Top Stories" By Ikechukwu Orji The government of Goodluck Jonathan is the most vivid example we have of the virus of lost standard. Under his watch, the country has gone to the dogs. Government officials are massively squandering our patrimony and looting the treasury with impunity.  It is so hard to work… In "Opinion"