ABUJA – Constant musings against the Igbos not competent enough to provide credible leadership to Nigeria has been described as political antics just to deny the Igbos their turn to be president of Nigeria.Speaking on Arise TV, Thursday, February 3, Okwesilieze Nwodo, former governor of Enugu state and one time National Secretary of the People’s Democratic Party,PDP, said that such notions are designed simply to perpetuate injustice to the Igbos. Nwodo said that the Igbos have demonstrated more love and sacrifices for the unity of Nigeria than any other tribe.According to him, in 1999, when two frontline Igbo politicians, late Dr. Alex Ekwueme and Dr. Ogbonnaya Onu were poised to emerge presidential candidates of their respective parties, PDP and All Nigeria People Party, ANPP, they were made to concede their ambitions to assuage the injustice allegedly done to South West for the annulment of June 12 presidential elections, perceived to have been won by late MKO Abiola. He said, it was such sacrifices made by the Igbos for the unity and peace of Nigeria that produced Olusegun Obasanjo and Olu Falae, all from South West, as presidential candidates of their respective parties. After Obasanjo’s eight years tenure, Nwodo maintained, in order to assuage the feelings of the North for keeping them out of power for eight years, President Umaru Yar’Adua was brought in to fill the position for the North. Goodluck Jonathan was also considered in the same feelings to calm the nerves of the Niger Delta. Nwodo stated that all these arrangements were made to establish that the nation has a conscience. He therefore wondered “why the same conscience takes a flight when it gets to the turn of the Igbos.” Nwodo who stated that Nigeria needs a presidential candidate with integrity, one who will show clear economic road map to Nigeria, a candidate who can communicate, harness the economic diversities and potentials of the country, assured that Anyim Pius Anyim, among other Igbos who have declared interest in the presidency of Nigeria, is eminently qualified to provide such leadership.He said, that Anyim, having served as President of the Senate and Secretary to government of the Federation, SGF, has gotten all the exposure and experience to fit into the description he made above and to govern Nigeria with the stated qualities.This is as he maintained that there are other eminently qualified Igbos, mentioning the likes of Okonji Iweala, Peter Obi etc. to rule Nigeria. “We have materials, we have people who have demonstrated credible leadership credentials in the past, wondering What is the crime of the Igbos if we cannot be considered fit to govern Nigeria.”He posited that the North East has a commission just to heal the wounds and that Niger Delta commission and amnesty programmes were also created just to heal the wounds. Nwodo asserted that Nigeria indeed owes South East a lot. According to him South East ought to be the first to deserve economic commission, just as has been done to North East and Niger Delta, saying, Why is it that when it comes to South East, equity, fairness etc takes a flight. There’s no way that we can sustain a six geopolitical zone, he said with injustice, unfair treatment and denial of rights to one and expect same not to complain, he posited. Governors from the Southeast rose from a crucial meeting with their Rivers counterparts, Nyesom Wike on Sunday night with a warning to Igbo people, especially owners of businesses to beware of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). The Governors were led to the meeting, which held in Government House,… In "News" BY  VITALIS UNACHUKWU •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim Nigeria’s 2023 Presidency is not for grabs by anyone without requisite political tutelage. People from the South East are watching the rest of the country with keen political interest, to see if they would be denied the opportunity of presenting a credible candidate… In "Politics" BY TONY ICHEKU •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim Ahead the 2023 presidential election, aspirants are popping up  from North, South, East and West, a normal for such very significant national election but when the going gets rough, the tough will get going. It is not out of place to predict that… In "Politics"