By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate has received a request from President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm the nomination of four nominees as Commissioners for the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC). The President’s request was contained in a letter dated 27th January, 2022, and read by the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan at the start of plenary. President Buhari, in the letter said the request was made pursuant to the provision of Section 34 of the Electricity Power Sector Reform Act. The letter reads in part, “Pursuant to Section 34 of the Electricity Power Sector Reform Act, I hereby present for confirmation by the Senate, the appointment of the underlisted nominees as Commissioners for the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC). Copies of their CVS are attached herewith.” The nominees listed for confirmation include: Dr. Yusuf Ali (North Central), Engr. Chidi Ike (South East), Mr. Nathan Shatti (North East), and Mr. Dafe Akpeneye (South South). By Naomi Sharang Abuja  -  President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday, forwarded to the Senate for confirmation, the nomination of Prof. James Momoh as Chairman of the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC). He made the request in a letter  read by the President of the Senate, Dr Bukola Saraki during plenary.… In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Two frontline politicians, Senator Olabiyi Durojaiye and Senator Ifeanyi Ararume were among nominees forwarded to the Senate by President Muhammadu Buhari for confirmation into boards of the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC) and the Nigerian Communication Commission (NCC). The Senate President, Senator Bukola Saraki on Tuesday… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has confirmed President Muhammadu Buhari’s nomination of Engr. Sanusi Garba as Chairman of the Nigeria Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC). This was even as the Upper Chamber confirmed the nominations of Dr. Musilliu O. Oseni as Vice Chairman; and Aisha Mahmud as… In "Top Stories"