 Bauchi State Government says it has rehabilitated the state-owned Fertiliser Blending Company to enhance farmers’ access to the commodity and encourage agricultural productivity. The State Commissioner for Information and Communication, Alhaji Dayyabu Chiroma, stated this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), on Saturday in Bauchi. Chiroma said the plant was rehabilitated and upgraded by Gov. Bala Mohammed’s administration as part of its agriculture transformation programme. “The administration of Gov. Bala Mohammed, which came on board in May 2019, revived the Bauchi Fertiliser Blending Company, and its production capacity exceeded the consumption of farmers in the state. “The Northeast sub region virtually relied solely on the Bauchi blending plant for production of fertilisers to be used by farmers across the region. “In fact, between 60 and 70 per cent of the fertiliser being distributed to the farmers across the country are produced at the Bauchi Fertiliser Blending Company,” he said. According to him, the state government, in partnership with the development partners and other stakeholders, is providing farmers’ support services to encourage productivity, add value to the produce and enhance farmers’ enterprising skills. He said that the government had also allocated 15,000 hecetres of land to two indigenous millers to accelerate paddy rice production in the state. The commissioner listed the firms to include Tiamin Rice Mill and Umza International Farms Ltd., adding that the gesture is also to encourage investment, create job opportunities and provide market for the produce. On road infrastructure, Chiroma said the state government had executed viable road projects in Bauchi metropolis under its Urban Renewal Programme in the past two years. The projects, he said, were designed to provide modern road network and beautify the town as well as enhance transportation services and link communities with the state capital. “The administration has completed executing road projects linking Sade-Wahu-Akuyam road in Darazo Local Government Area of the state. The road has been completed waiting for official commissioning. “At Sade town, over seven-kilometer road and drains have been constructed, and in Azare, similar road project is being constructed in the town. “In the 20 local government areas, you cannot single one that has no road construction, either ongoing or completed.” Chiroma said that the state government had also embarked on the construction of 1,000 housing units across the 20 LGAs, to address housing deficit in the state. He said the houses which are about 90 per cent completed, would be sold to workers and low-income earners in the state. (NAN) By Emmanuel Afonne Uyo -   The Akwa Ibom Government says adequate arrangements have been made to ensure the state’s automated fertiliser blending plant comes on stream in 2018. Richard Ekpe, Director of Agriculture and Food Sufficiency stated this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in… In "Business" Madobi, (Kano State) -   The Federal Government says it is committed to supporting all agricultural investments to boost food production in the country. The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Chief Audu Ogbeh gave the assertion on Tuesday at the inauguration of AL-YUMA Fertiliser Blending Plant at Madobi, Madobi… In "Business" By Emmanuel Afonne   Abuja   -    The Nigerian Sovereign Investment Authority (NSIA), has advised farmers to buy fertiliser early for the 2018 farming season to ease the problems of logistics in the production and distribution of the commodity. Mr Uche Orji, the Managing Director of the NSIA made this call… In "Business"