By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The House of Representatives Committee Chairman on Aviation, Honourable Nñolim Nnaji has recommended the provision of defibrillators at all the airports across the country. Defibrillator is a device that delivers a high dose of energy electric shock to the heart of someone who is in cardiac arrest.Honourable Nnaji made the recommendation at the weekend in Lagos during an oversight visit to the aviation agencies. The House of Representatives’ Committee Chairman on Aviation said the recommendation was necessitated by the recent death of an air traffic controller at the Abuja Airport. He noted that the death which was traced to heart attack could have been averted if there was defibrilllator to assist him at the the time he suffered the attack. “l understand the controllers work under intense pressures and l think provision of defibrillators as part of the first aid kits will be advisable to prevent such avoidable deaths” Honourable Nnaji further stressed.He urged the Director-General of the Nigeria Civil Aviation Authority, (NCAA) Captain Musa Nuhu to ensure that such requirement is carried out at the major airports with heavy traffic if not all, stating that he and his colleague, the Senate Committee Chairman on Aviation, Senator Smart Adeyemi had resolved that henceforth they would be making regular oversight to all airports to ascertain the state of facilities. The joint committees of Senate and House of Representatives on Aviation had earlier suggested that the Enugu and Owerri Airports that rank fourth and fifth in passenger traffic should be upgraded to category two instrument Landing system, (ILS) to minimize delays and improve safety. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - House of Representatives is spearheading a major reform of the nation's international airports in support of the Federal Government's Ease of Doing Business, (EODB) initiative that will usher in a single security screening point for arriving and departing passengers. This followed the outcome… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Honourable Nnolim Nnaji, the Chairman House of Representatives Committee on Aviation, has advised against the planned demolition of private hangars obstructing some of the boarding fingers at the new terminal of the Murtala Mohammed International Airport, (MMIA) Lagos. Honourable Nnaji gave the advice… In "Top Stories" The House of Representatives Committee on Aviation led by Honourable Nnolim Nnaji on Thursday, turned back Minister of Aviation, Captain Hadi Sirika and the heads of agencies from presenting the Ministry’s 2021 budget proposal for failure to forward the documents to the committee in advance. The chairman, Honourable Nnaji had… In "News"