ABUJA – Elder statesman, Chief Edwin Clark, has decried what he sees as a subtle gang up to deny Igbos the opportunity to lead the country in 2023, stating that such a plot is contrary to natural justice and may not bond well for the unity and development of the country. He said the Ndigbo made great sacrifices in the building of the Nigerian nation as he recalls with nostalgia, the pivotal role played by a number of Igbo sons to secure the nation’s independence in 1960. The Ijaw leader recalled with nostalgia the pivotal roles played by the likes Nnamdi Azikiwe, Aja Wachukwu, Eni Njoku, Michael Okpara and many other Igbo sons in the struggle for an independent Nigeria. The hugely respected nationalist, therefore, submitted that it would be a great injustice to deny them a shot at the presidency on account of an unfortunate civil war. Speaking when the DAILY INDEPENDENT delegation presented notification of nomination for a Lifetime Achievement Award to be conferred on him in March 2022, the nonagenarian said injustice to one is an injustice to all, stressing that the idea of power rotation was conceived to ensure equity fairness and justice in the country. He said that it for the reason of justice that he will continue to clamour for power to return to the South, saying anything contrary could lead to the disintegration of the country. Chief Clark stressed that he is particularly disturbed that Politicians from the northern part of the are oiling their machinery in readiness for another shot at the presidency in 2023 after finishing eight years. On the aspiration of Politicians from the South-West geopolitical zone despite having held power severally, Chief Clark said the first stage of the fight is to ensure power is returns to the South, thereafter other issues would be addressed. (Daily Independent) •Chief Edwin Clark ABUJA - Chief Edwin Clark, Ijaw leader and politician in an interview with Vanguard has stated that there is nothing the All Progressive Congress (APC) leader, Bola Ahmed Tinubu can offer that the Southeast is incapable of. The 92-year-old elder statesman said the Southwest should give the… In "Politics" Following the proscription of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, and the alleged marginalization of the Igbo in Nigeria, intaandem with IPOB’s quests for an independent nation, a social-political organisation, Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide, Wednesday urged Nigerians, especially the Igbo extraction to support the 2023 Igbo Presidency, noting that… In "Politics" Tne National leader of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu has been urged to set aside his presidential ambition in order to allow an Igbo man emerge President in 2023. The National publicity secretary of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Chief Chiedozie Alex Ogbonnia made the call in the early hours of… In "News"