A former Head of State, retired Gen. Yakubu Gowon is to chair public presentation of a book entitled: “Unfinished Greatness: Envisioning a New Nigeria”, authored by Gov. Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti.  Mr Cornelius Onuoha, Managing Director, RedGecko PR, the organisers of the book presentation, made the disclosure in a statement on Tuesday in Ado-Ekiti. Onuoha said that the event scheduled for Thursday (Feb. 24) would hold at the NAF Conference Centre, Kado, Abuja. He said that the book presentation would feature a keynote address by Prof. Adebayo Olukoshi, Distinguished Professor, Wits School of Governance, and immediate past Director for Africa and West Asia, International IDEA. According to him, Dr Joe Abah, the Nigeria Country Director, DAI Global, will be the book reviewer. He added that there would be panelists including Waziri Adio, Editorial Board Member of ThisDay newspaper; Yemi Adamolekun, Executive Director of Enough-is-Enough Nigeria; Ndi Kato, Executive Director, Dinidari Africa; and Hamzat Lawal, Founder and Executive Director of Connected Development. Onuoha said that a former Head of State, retired Gen. Abdulsalami Abubakar, had in the foreword he wrote on the book stated, “Unfinished Greatness: Envisioning a New Nigeria inspires hope in us that our march into the future is a purposeful journey of destiny. “Also in the words of His Excellency, Dr John Mahama, a former President of Ghana, Nigeria remains central to the vision of an African renaissance,” Onuoha said. He quoted Mahama as saying that, in the book, Fayemi reminded Nigerians of the power of unity in nation-building. “The ideas in this book encapsulate the roadmap for peace and sustainable development in Nigeria and, indeed, the rest of Africa. “Professor Tunde Adeniran, a former Minister of Education on his part, states that Unfinished Greatness convincingly challenges false narratives about our trajectory as a country and offers profound historical insights to prove that there is more that unites us than our differences,” Onuoha said. Onuoha described Fayemi as a transformational leader. “He has a background in academia and civil society, and is a public speaker on governance and democratisation, civil-military relations and security sector issues in Africa. “He is also a former Minister of Mines and Steel Development,” he said. Onuoha said that members of the public could attend the event physically and virtually. He said that those desiring to participate virtually should register via www.bit.ly/unfinishedgreatness. According to him, registration for limited seats for physical attendance is via www.bit.ly/unfinishedgreatnessphysical.  NAN Abuja  -Retired Gen. Yakubu Gowon, former Head of State, on Thursday urged Nigerians to advance genuine love that would bind the nation on the path of peace. He gave the advice at the presentation of a book titled: The Story of Abuja; Nigeria’s New Capital, written by Dr Longinus Ofoegbu.… In "News" By Kadiri Abdulrahman Abuja - Retired Gen. Yakubu Gowon, a former Head of State and Founder, National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), has described the scheme as “a catalyst of Nigeria’s socioeconomic development”. Gowon gave the commendation on Tuesday, when the Director-General of NYSC, Brig.-Gen. Shuaibu Ibrahim, paid him a courtesy… In "News" Abuja- Former Head of State, Gen. Yakubu Gowon, on Tuesday, urged Nigerians to support the Kukah Centre as platform for mediation during trouble situations. Gowon made the call during the official presentation of the Kukah Centre, situated at the Merit House, Maitama, Abuja. He said that the Centre was an… In "News"