Operatives of the Ogun state police command have arrested a pastor in charge of Life and Power Bible Church Ogijo, Mathew Oladapo, for allegedly defiling a 19-year-old member of the church (name withheld).  The pastor was arrested following a report lodged at Ogijo divisional headquarters by the victim, who reported that while attending the church service on the 20th of February 2022, the pastor told her that he saw a vision that she is having a spiritual husband which she needs to be delivered of.She stated further that the pastor told her she will undergo three nights of fasting and prayer in the church for total deliverance. In addition, she was asked to come to the church with 1,000 naira notes and anointing oil.The victim told the police that on the first night of the fasting and prayer, she was taken to a room within the church where the pastor ordered her to pull off her clothes and undies and lay down on a piece of cloth on the floor which she obeyed.While lying on the floor, the pastor started rubbing the anointing oil on her body and inserted his finger into her private part. When she protested, the pastor pinned her down, covered her mouth and forcefully had s3x with her with the claim that it is the only way to break the bond between her and the spirit husband.Upon the report, the DPO Ogijo division,CSP Onatufe Umoh, quickly detailed his detectives to the scene where the randy pastor was promptly arrested.On interrogation, the suspect confessed to the crime but claimed to have been overwhelmed by spirit.Confirming the incident, the spokesperson of the state police command, DSP Abimbola Oyeyemi, said the commissioner of police, CP Lanre Bankole, has ordered the immediate transfer of the suspect to anti human trafficking and child labour unit of the state criminal investigation and intelligence department for further investigation and diligent prosecution.  source Men of Ogun State Police Command have arrested a pastor, Peter Taiwo of Christ Apostolic Bible church, Alaja Oke, Saje, Abeokuta for defiling a 16-year-old choir member of his church. The police also arrested his wife, Elizabeth Taiwo for allegedly conniving with her husband by locking the doors to the… In "News" Anambra State - Anambra State police command has paraded the General Overseer of Mount Zion Ministries, in Obosi, Anambra State, Evangelist Chukwudi Chukwumezie, also known as Agudo Jesus, for defiling a minor.Chukwumezie, who was confirmed by witnesses to have been involved in previous cases of rape, involving minors, was said… In "News" ABEOKUTA—An acclaimed Pastor of the Holy Gathering Evangelical Church of God, Papalanto, Ewekoro Local Government Area of Ogun state, Oluwatobiloba Ipense, has been arrested for allegedly killing his secret lover, Railat Sanni, for ritual purposes. The victim was a 35-year-old divorcee with five kids.   The Pastor, who claimed he… In "News"