LAGOS – The management of the Nigerian Indonesian Chamber of Commerce & Industry (NICCI) had its inaugural monthly breakfast meeting at the “Dew Center” Lekki, Lagos recently. The theme of the event was ‘The why, when and how of wellness for executives and business owners’. The guests were welcomed by the President of NICCI Ishmael Balogun and other members of the Board of Directors. They were welcomed to the natural feel of the centre and  were taken round  the wellness facility. After the tour, the excited guest networked while some guests were treated to professional spa treatments and full body massages. The host and NICCI member, Titilope Fowora, lead interior designer with Inu Design Ltd and the facilitator and NICCI member, Omon AnenihMordi, founder, The Dew Centre, engaged the guests and imparted knowledge on the importance of rest and general wellness and how it affects our decision-making process and how to create a more productive and balanced life as business executives. Members and guests shared their personal experiences and concerns and were given coping mechanisms to help them resolve the issues. This was very transformational for all the executives present. Otunba Olufemi Pedro, former deputy governor of Lagos State also spoke on his personal wellness journey and gave insightful and practical guides on what is really required as an executive and how to avoid stress while working. He gave guests copies of his newly released book “Formula for wealth”. Finally, the president of NICCI, Ishmael Balogun thanked guests for coming, distributed books, welcomed  new members who were keen on joining NICCI, and highlighted the benefits of being a member of the chamber. The Chamber, according to Ishmael Balogun, was established to encourage and promote Nigeria-Indonesian’s private and public sectors bilateral business as well as  industrial and cultural relationships;  promote, and develop all matters affecting those involved in the ventures; encourage an orderly development and expansion of all segments of the business relationship between both countries;  facilitate, promote and protect trade, commerce, services, technology and investment between the public and private sectors of the Federal Republic of Nigeria and  Indonesia. He added: It also has as its mandate to provide a forum for Nigerian and Indonesian Business Organizations to identify and discuss issues of common economic and Commercial Interest amongst Members and other Related Agencies and help facilitate joint venture agreements, special purpose vehicles (SPV), sole authorized agents for brands willing to expand into the Nigerian market and the African market at large, and vice versa. ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Dr. Bukola Saraki, on Thursday, stated that one of the primary objectives of the 8th National Assembly is to increase private sector participation in all spheres of the economy in order to make the country viable. Saraki, according to a statement by… In "News" Abuja   -      The U.S.-Africa Business Centre of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce says it will invest in the Africa youth population in agriculture and ICT sectors. The group made the pledge when its board, led by Africa’s richest man Aliko Dangote and Mr Scott Eisner, the President of the US-Africa… In "News" LAGOS - The Women Group of the Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI) is to host an international conference, designed to evolve strategies to increase the participation of Nigerian women in leadership issues. The Conference, slated for Four Points by Sheraton Hotel in Lekki, Lagos, is billed for Oct.… In "Business"