In a post on Facebook, the EFCC said it has learnt that Yahoo boys now go spiritual, offering sacrifices and performing rituals. It, however, noted that its officers will come after all the internet fraudsters come what may.  The post reads: “No going back on the onslaught against yahoo-yahoo or yahoo-plus, whatever nomenclature. Give up, or give in. The Eagle will get you anytime, anywhere! #Eagleseries57 #EFCC #stopyahooyahoonow.” Meanwhile, the EFCC also posted a photo that reads, “Yahoo boys now going Spiritual. Even doing money Ritual and making it the new Usual. We will come for those individual(s). Tell them, it won’t be business as usual.” This may not be unconnected to the recent surge in reported cases of ritual killings in the country. A 32-year-old Afeez Olalere, who is a suspected internet fraudster was, in January, arrested by operatives of the Lagos State Police Command. He confessed to killing his younger brother, with the help of their mother, for a demonic ritual in order to prop up his dwindling Yahoo (advanced fee fraud) business. Also, the police apprehended 20-year-old Moses Oko who killed his girlfriend, Jennifer Anthony, for ritual purposes. Jennifer, who was a student of the University of Jos, was found lifeless at a hotel in Jos, along Zaria Road, on New Year’s Day. Some of her body parts were also missing. Moses was arrested in Benue State after he fled from Jos for committing the crime. Just recently, a teenager, Soliu Majekodunmi, confessed to killing his girlfriend, Sofiyah, for suspected money ritual purposes. Majekodunmi said he learnt the practice through Facebook. He said he typed ‘how to make money ritual’ on Facebook and got the detail, adding that the link instructed him to behead and burn a female skull in a pot.  Source   Following a massive crackdown by the operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), suspected internet fraudsters otherwise known as Yahoo boys have gone underground in some major towns in Ekiti State. The anti-graft agency had carried out not less than four massive raids on the hideouts of Yahoo… In "News" Set up training schools for aspiring internet fraudsters Adopt new tactics to beat security agents They are young men who live their lives on the fast lane. They love the good things of life but lack the legitimate means to acquire them. Rather than seek legitimate means of fulfilling their… In "News" “If you lay with a scorpion, don't be surprised when it finally stings you.” ― DaShanne Stokes One fateful day,  Juan Souza Carlos, a Brazilian billionaire, received a fax message at his Sao Paulo office. Not too many people of the generation X and Y know much about fax messages.… In "Opinion"