The Senate on Wednesday confirmed the nominations of Nnamonso Ekanem and Mahmoud Abubakar Magaji as members of the Federal Judicial Service Commission. The nominees who are from Akwa-Ibom and Niger are to represent the South-South zone and North-Central zone on the Commission, respectively.The confirmation of both nominees followed the consideration of a report by the Senate Committee on Judiciary, Human Rights and Legal Matters, with Sen. Opeyemi Bamidele as chairman.Bamidele, in his presentation, said their nominations were made by President Muhammadu Buhari pursuant to Section 154, subsections (1) and (3) in conformity with Paragraph 12 (e) of the Third Schedule to the 1999 Constitution.According to the lawmaker, the nominees “are fit and proper persons for appointment as members of the Federal Judicial Service Commission”.He disclosed that there was no petition or adverse report against the nominees, adding that “record checks and other forms of investigations by security agencies did not reveal any negative trace against them.”Bamidele expressed satisfaction with the qualifications, experience, competence and integrity of the nominees as members of the commission.In a related development, the Senate has forwarded Buhari’s request for the confirmation of four nominees as Commissioners for the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC) to the Committee on Power.The nominees who are to appear before the panel for screening include Dr Yusuf Ali (North Central), Mr Chidi Ike (South East), Mr Nathan Shatti (North East) and Mr Dafe Akpeneye (South South).The Committee was given two weeks by Senate President Ahmad Lawan to report back to the chamber in planery.  NAN By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate on Tuesday received a request to confirm the nomination of Professor Mansur Auwalu Bindawa as Non-Executive Commissioner of the Nigerian Communications Commission.  The request was contained in a letter dated January 10, 2022 and read on the floor by the Senate… In "News" …Forwards Buhari’s request for confirmation of INEC chair, others to relevant Committees By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Wednesday confirmed the appointments of seven nominees to the Federal Competition and Consumer Protection Commission. This was just as the Upper Chamber rejected Mrs. Yinka Osoba Akpata as Executive Commissioner… In "Top Stories" By Naomi Sharang Abuja -   The Senate has confirmed the appointment of former Inspector-General of Police, Alhaji Musiliu Smith as the Chairman of the Police Service Commission (PSC). It also confirmed six others as members of the commission. Confirmation of their appointments followed the consideration of the report of… In "Metro"