Vice Presidentresident Yemi Osinbajo departs Abuja on Monday for Monrovia, to represent President Muhammadu Buhari at the inauguration of the year-long commemoration of the Liberia’s bicentennial anniversary.  Laolu Akande, Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Office of the Vice-President, made the declaration in a statement in Abuja on Monday. He stated that Osinbajo would join other leaders across Africa and beyond to grace the event scheduled to hold at the Samuel Doe Stadium in Monrovia.The vice-president will attend other events in Monrovia as part of the Liberian national celebrations. Liberia was founded in 1822 when freed black slaves started relocating to West Africa from the United States of America.On July 26, 1847, the country proclaimed its independence and became the Republic of Liberia. Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Amb. Zubairu Dada and Special Adviser to the President on Economic Matters, Amb. Adeyemi Dipeolu, are on Osinbajo’s entourage. They are expected back in Nigeria on Feb. 15.  NAN By Harrison Arubu Monrovia -  President Muhammadu Buhari is among African leaders that have indicated interest to attend the inauguration of Liberia’s President-elect, George Weah, on Monday. The Chief Protocol of Liberia, Mr Jarvis Witherspoon, stated this at a media briefing in Monrovia on Thursday. Witherspoon said other current and… In "Top Stories" By Harrison Arubu Monrovia -   Former soccer star, George Weah, on Monday took the oath of office as the 24th President of Liberia with a pledge to build an equal, free and just country. Delivering his inaugural address, Weah promised to do everything within his powers to be the… In "Top Stories" Monrovia   -    Former President Olusegun Obasanjo and the President of the Senate, Bukola Saraki,  arrived Monrovia on Monday morning for the swearing in of Liberia’s President-elect, George Weah. Obasanjo’s plane touched down at the Roberts International Airport (RIA) at 8:01 a.m. (9 a.m. Nigerian time)  while Saraki arrived at 9:02… In "News"