A Ghanaian cosmetologist and divorcee, Claudio Wonder Magis, has revealed that he fell into depression and almost ran mad after his ex-wife cheated on him and got pregnant for another man.The reality TV star, who found love again, recounted the incident that led to him divorcing his wife, who got pregnant for the same man she cheated on him with. According to Claudio, he almost lost his life after he went into depression. He added that the help of his sister and another Claudio helped him regained his mental stability. In his words; “My previous relationship was actually a wonderful marriage which unfortunately an incident happened, and I got depressed. I didn’t know depression was real until it hit me. One day I was waiting at FlatTop. Waiting for a vehicle to knock me down. I started doing substance abuse. Trying to get over things. I nearly ended my life. But some two people were instrumental in my life, and today, I am here. “The trigger was that my partner had an indiscretion and had a pregnancy out of it. That got me depressed. So if it’s you that cheats on me and have another baby, of course, it might trigger me. But I’m perfect now. “I was a victim in my own home. I gave up on love. My ex-wife cheated and had a pregnancy out of it. Until it hit me, I didn’t know depression was real. One day, I was waiting for a vehicle to knock me down. I nearly ended my life. “Ladies, you might think you are not affecting men with your decisions, but we are affected. We are tough outside yet so weak within.” No young man or old man would pray to be in the shoes of Elias Audu. The accursed fate that has befallen him is terrible and a huge blow to his ego. Last year, one month before he reported at the NYSC camp in Osun State, Audu had married his… In "Metro" LAFIA - These are not the best of times for Mr. Philip Tersso, a native of Yelwata community, Nasarawa State and his wife, Mary. The once loving husband is up in arms against his wife after finding out that she was pregnant for his friend and consequently resolved to bury… In "Metro" Felicia Adikwu, a Jukun by tribe, is right now in a dilemma. She is pregnant for her children’s extramural studies teacher, popularly called “lesson teacher” in Nigeria and, she doesn’t know what to do about it. She is full of regret for her ill-advised action that is now threatening to… In "Metro"