Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno on Friday applauded residents of the state for their show of support and soldierty when Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo visited the state on Thursday.  In a broadcast, Zulum also thanked Maiduguri residents for their patient over traffic restriction imposed in some areas of the city to ensure security during the visit.The governor said that during the visit, Osinbajo announced plan by the Federal Government to support the state.“The vice president, Yemi Osinbajo, yesterday (Thursday), announced a Federal Government’s plan to support Borno, and within few months, with a model that will help our ongoing concerted efforts to stimulate micro, small and medium enterprises across Borno State.“The vice president, as Chairman of a Presidential Resettlement Committee, was at an IDP camp in Maiduguri, and he said himself, that he saw the condition under which our fellow citizens live in camps.“His visit will no doubt influence the ways he will lead the presidential resettlement committee to positively impact on our people.“Most importantly, the vice president’s visit, afforded him another opportunity to interact with our security heads over the challenges amid our emerging peace,’’ he said.Zulum expressed optimism that the interaction would inform Osinbajo’s contributions at presidential engagements and would be of benefit to the state.“I pray that benefits come to Borno as end product of the vice president’s visit,’’ he addedThe governor also thanked the vice president and his entourage as well everyone who played roles in the success of visit.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that during the one-day visit, Osinbajo launched the 30th edition of the Federal Government Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME).He also inaugurated some projects completed by Gov. Zulum’s administration, including doctors’ quarters, township road, mega school, and a shopping complex.  NAN Borno State Governor, Babagana Zulum has urged residents to be hospitable and show appreciation to President Muhammadu Buhari during his visit on Thursday. In his address on Wednesday, Zulum said the President will appraise the security situation in the North-East and commission some of the projects executed by the state… In "Features" The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has left the Presidential Villa, Abuja to the Presidential Wing of the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport where he’ll jet off to Maiduguri, the Borno State Capital. According to our correspondent, Buhari’s chopper left the Aso Rock premises at exactly 10:04 am on Thursday.… In "News" Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno has reiterated the commitment of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to present a united front for its success at the 2023 general elections. Zulum gave the assurance in Maiduguri on Saturday while receiving members of a political pressure group, the Progress Consolidation Group (PCG) who… In "News"