Singer, Patrick Okorie, aka Patoranking, says he wants to be a symbol of hope to kids living in slums. The Abule singer made this known as guest on a podcast hosted by gospel singer, Tim Godfrey. He said, “Growing up, I had always known I would make it (be successful). Not because there was everything around me, but because that was the only option I had. Coming from the slum, poverty mindset does not give one the opportunity to think far. It was a fight and I won. I told myself I want to become a symbol of hope to other kids living in the slum. I want them to know it is possible for them to be successful.” Going down memory lane, the dancehall singer recalled how he started singing in the church. He said, “I started singing in church— Christ Embassy, Satellite Town (branch) in Lagos around 1997 and 1998. My mum used to tell me that when I was little, Sinach (popular Gospel singer) used to carry me.” “Some people say success is relative; it depends on what success means to you. I came from a home in the ghetto but despite that, there were some dos and don’ts we had to abide with.” Patoranking also stated that as the first child, he had to lead by example. He said, “As the first child, it is very important to lead by example. I had to give my siblings the assurance of better days. I had to tell them that everything will be fine. I worked hard and did a whole lot just to beat poverty.”  (Punch)      Abuja- Solomon Lange, Nigerian gospel musician, says singing is the springboard that brought him out of poverty and obscurity into limelight and fame. Lange, the Kaduna-born singer made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday in Abuja. “I was nothing and God picked… In "Entertainment" •Gloria Doyle Controversial contemporary gospel music artist, Gloria Doyle, is back on her feet, after a long battle with an illness diagnosed as gallstones. Gloria now bubbles, ready to carry on with her music career. She is at present in the studio to record her next album. Abandoned during her… In "Entertainment" For almost nine years, singer Dekunle Fuji went into a hiatus leaving little or no information on the happenings in his life. After breaking into the mainstream in 2007 with hit single, ‘Mo like Jesu gan,’ under Obi Asika and Olisa Adibua’s Storm Records, Dekunle Fuji became the toast of… In "News"