No fewer than 25 terrorists fleeing airstrikes of the Nigerian military have drowned in a deep river located within the Marte axis of the Lake Chad axis in the North East. PRNigeria gathered that military fighter jets, including Super Tucano belonging to the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) ‘aggressively’ raided camps of the Islamic State of West African Province (ISWAP) on Wednesday and Thursday in weeklong sustained aerial attacks. An intelligence operative embedded in the local community confirmed that camps and warehouses serving as ISWAP insurgents’ ammunition and firearms were bombed by the aircraft. “The military jets’ bombardments were simultaneously carried out at Bukar Mairam and Jubularam, Abbaganaram and Chikul Gudu which resulted in the explosion of the warehouses, killing several terrorists. “However, those who survived the blast at Bukar Mairam and Jubularam, fled and attempted to cross a river within the Lake Chad axis. It was in the process that about 25 of them got drowned,” he added. He further told PRNigeria that recent air offensives by troops have impacted ISWAP operational command, thwarting the group’s plans to carry out major attacks on military formations in the Northeast. (PRNigeria) Abuja - Coordinated aerial strikes from the Nigerian military have eliminated a notorious ISWAP commander, Abou Sufyan, and scores of his fighters along the fringes of Lake Chad in Borno State. PRNigeria gathered that the strikes from the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) component of the Operation Hadin Kai launched a… In "Top Stories" The Nigerian military has confirmed the killing of a notorious ISWAP commander, Abou Sufyan in Lake Chad. Sufyan and scores of other ISWAP fighters were killed following coordinated airstrike by the military along the fringes of Lake Chad in Borno state. PRNigeria gathered that the strikes from the Nigerian Air… In "News" Troops of the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) have killed 20 suspected members of the Islamic State in West Africa Province (ISWAP) at Bukar Meram, Borno State, the Defence Headquarters (DHQ) said Tuesday. It said troops of Operation Hail Storm, the air task force of Operation Lafiya Dole carried out an… In "News"