American rapper Kanye West has accused his estranged wife, Kim Kardashian of kidnapping their second daughter, Chicago. The billionaire rapper made the damning allegations via his Instagram page. “What do you mean by main provider? America saw you try to kidnap my daughter on her birthday by not providing the address You put security on me inside of the house to play with my son then accused me of stealing I had to take a drug test after Chicago’s party cause you accused me of being on drugs Tracy Romulus stop manipulating Kim to be this way,” he alleged. He also lashed at the mother of his four children for giving their first daughter, North, access to popular social media app, Tiktok. “Since this is my first divorce, I need to know what I should do about my daughter being put on Tiktok against my will,” he asked. It would be recalled that the rapper had accused Kim of denying access to their daughter during her birthday. ”This is wishing my daughter a public happy birthday. I wasn’t allowed to know where her party was. There’s nothing legal that says…this is the kind of game that is being played. It has affected my health for the longest,” he said. The music star said he decided to release the video because he doesn’t want his daughter to grow up and assume he purposely didn’t show up for her birthday.   Controversial billionaire rapper, Kanye West has lamented about his 8-year-old daughter, North West’s presence on TikTok. In an Instagram post shared Friday, Ye included a screenshot of the official @kimandnorth TikTok account to call out his estranged wife. “Since this is my first divorce I need to know what I… In "Foreign" Kanye West is tweeting again and this time, he's saying some shocking things about his family, Michael Jackson, and other people. He said he's been trying to divorce Kim Kardashian for years now. He said he began considering the divorce after Kim met Meek Mill at a hotel for prison… In "Social Media Feeds" Rapper, Kanye West went off on a Twitter rant on Monday July 20, calling out his wife Kim Kardashian and mother-in-law, Kris Jenner. In series of tweets he shared, the rapper accused Kim and Jenner of trying to lock him up. He also compared his life to the movie Get… In "Foreign"