Actor, Yomi Fabiyi, has said that rather than question whether or not he is married to the mother of his new child, people should be happy for him that he is starting a ‘new life’ after the crash of his first marriage. He told Sunday Scoop, “I was in the labour room with the mother of my son from the beginning till she was delivered of our baby boy. Although it was not the first time I would be having a child, it is always a great feeling when one gets a new baby. Before now, I had always heard about the pain women go through during childbirth, and I could only imagine it because I hadn’t witnessed it until now. This time, I shared in the pain of the mother and there is nothing compared to that.” Speaking on whether his previous marriage had been formally dissolved, the controversial actor said, “People always want to know everything about others. They don’t know whether we are married or not. I am a young person, and I am having a second shot at starting a new life. People should just be happy for me. The most important thing is that we now have a child. Those who claim that I was only separated from my ex-wife and not divorced should urge her to file a lawsuit. The issue of my ex-wife is in the past. I understand the position of the law, and I am 100 per cent free to start a new family.” (Punch)      By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Nigerian actor, Emeka Ike has opened up on the court dissolution of his marriage to his ex wife, Suzanne, staying it was a “Kangaroo judgment”, as he didn’t sign any document and neither he nor his lawyer was in court. Sundiata Post recalls that… In "Top Stories" It was a marriage doomed from the beginning, and after 13 years, it culminated in a tragedy. Presently, the couple, who live in Lafia, capital of Nasarawa State, are gradually coming to terms with the fact that they have opened a Pandora’s box. It started with the husband’s deceit––hiding his… In "Relationship" Delectable actress, Nazareth Jesse, is one of the emerging faces heating up Nollywood. The first born of her family, Jesse, as she is fondly called by friends and admirers, opens up on life as an actress, real reason married women cheat on their husbands and plans for the rest of… In "Entertainment"