The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has nominated Sen. Shuaibu Lau (PDP-Taraba) as the new Deputy Minority Leader of the Senate. This is contained in a letter by the PDP National Chairman, Mr Iyorcha Ayu, read at Tuesday’s plenary.Ayu said that Lau would replace Sen. Emmanuel Bwacha who has defected to the All Progressives Congress (APC).“Following the defection of Sen.Emmanuel Bwacha to the ruling APC, the PDP Senate caucus has nominated as his replacement, Sen. Shuaibu Lau.“Lau is from Taraba in the North East geo-political zone of the country, where the position has been zoned.“The PDP Senate caucus has duly informed the National Headquarters of the party, in view of which we so communicate to you.We believe that Lau will be an asset to the leadership of the Senate.“Thank you and accept the assurances of our highest regards,” he said.Meanwhile, Bwacha at plenary formally defected to APC, bringing the number of APC Senators to 70, while the PDP has 38 and Young Progressives Party (YPP) has only one.The Senator said that his decision to leave the opposition party was conveyed sequel to a point of order raised during plenary.“In view of my desire for equal competition, and about my desire to enjoy the full operations of my fundamental human rights, Mr President.“I want to announce this day, that as King Solomon said, there’s a time for everything; now is a time for me to leave the PDP.“Mr President, I say I have opportunity to breathe freely because of a deliberate isolation and huge division and factionalisation in the party in my state.“Mr President, I had to leave because I seek to breathe better. This day, I announce henceforth my exit from the PDP, and to join the governing party because of the visible presence of the party in my Senatorial District,” he saidBwacha added:“I say this without fear of contradiction that my constituents are happy about this movement because of what they have seen on ground in Taraba South Senatorial District.“So, we make bold to pay the PDP back by ensuring that better days are ahead for the party in Taraba.  (NAN) Emmanuel Bwacha, the Deputy Minority leader in the Senate, has joined the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). Bwacha, who represents Taraba South in the Senate, was formally received by President Buhari into the ruling APC at the State House on Thursday, February 3. Bwacha, in July 2018, mocked the APC,… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) The National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) met on Thursday and nominated the senator representing Abia South, and former Deputy Governor of Abia State Enyinnaya Abaribe, as Minority Leader in the Ninth Senate. The NWC meeting was held in the… In "Top Stories" Abuja - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Caucus in the Senate on Tuesday in Abuja, announced the appointment of Sen. Godswill Akpabio (Akwa-Ibom North-West) as the Minority Leader in the Red chamber. Making the announcement, President of the Senate, Bukola Saraki, also announced the appointment of Sen. Emmanuel Bwacha (PDP… In "News"