By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Oil Money Entertainment, Mr. Tony Okpokparoro, has said he is committed to the promotion of young artists in Nigeria. Okpokparoro who has a leading art gallery in the United States with a branch in Nigeria said his company Oil Money has changed the lives of many young artists, which has made the company the most sought after Record Label in the United States and Nigeria. Oil Money Entertainment stated this in a chat with our correspondent after a successful outing of a one week talent hunt show held in Jos, the Plateau State capital. “One unique thing about Oil Money is its romance with young artists which has been cordial. Our aim is to give them a life beyond their immediate environment”, Okpokparoro said. The Delta State born, passionate about entertainment said the Jos outing is a starting point because of it’s uniqueness in breeding talents, adding that the tour will go round the nation. Speaking with Oil Money Junior, Jude Okpokparoro, who flew in from Canada to pilot the talent hunt show in Jos, said the company is positioned to the signing and promotion of artists across the globe. He said while the one week show lasted in Jos, four youths have been marked for exposure with one of them, a female, with stage name “Mint”, has been signed by the label. “Oil Money will showcase her to the world, including all other artists that will be picked as we tour round the country. We are going to make them big brands and celebrities”, Jude, who also go by the stage name Canadian Prince said. Our correspondent reports that five crew members of the Oil Money train stormed the city of Jos for the long week show, full of high spirit for a revolution that will turn the lives of young talented youths. The five crew members, Ameachi Chukwudi, aka Machocho, based in Paris France, Kingsley Dominic, aka Kkash, Ihezirika Eugene aka Bee and Enyinnaya Ugomuoh aka Ojolo, all said the Jos experience is a life changing one. “We are here to help the young growing stars. Our coming here has exposed us to a long list of talents. The whole essence of what we are doing is growth”, Dominic, one of the crew member’s said. Entertainers have continued to express their expectations from the President Mohammadu Buhari administration, even as they clamour for support to better position the industry. ANTHONY ADA ABRAHAM writes. When it was announced that President Goodluck Ebele Jonathan had taken over the mantle of leadership from the late Umaru Musa Yar’Adua,… In "News" By Alexis Akwagyiram LAGOS  - Each night as darkness descends on Lagos, Nigeria's commercial capital, sweat-drenched young men and women descend on the megacity's numerous nightclubs to dance to the latest hit songs. Much like the famous "Nollywood" film industry, music is now big business in Africa's most populous nation.… In "Business" Abuja (SundiataPost)- For the boss of Club Quilox and Aquila Records, Shina Peller, show business runs in the blood. Born to popular magician, the late Professor Peller, Shina used to join his father to perform wonders on stage. Today, he has mastered the art of entertainment, with his record label… In "Entertainment"