Colleagues of a medical doctor, Otote Osaikhuomwan shot dead by gunmen yesterday, February 15 have protested over his death.  His colleagues who work at the University of Benin Teaching Hospital called for the killers to be brought to book. It was gathered that the 38-year-old doctor was shot dead by suspected assassins in the early hours of Monday. The deceased who works at the Department of Ophthalmology was killed in the presence of his pregnant wife after the gunmen gained access into his house located at GRA, Benin, the Edo state capital. The sad development was confirmed in a statement by the Edo State Command Police Public Relations, Bello Kongtons. Kongtons said; “Yes, the doctor was shot dead. The police is working to unravel the circumstance behind the killing and arrest the perpetrators.” Meanwhile, his colleagues who were seen carrying placards with different inscriptions embarked on a one day protest this morning. According to the protesting doctors the deceased was shot in his chest in the early hours of Monday morning at his residence in GRA Benin City in presence of his pregnant wife. The Doctors appealed to the Nigerian Government to provide adequate security in the Country, adding that the killing of doctors in the country will lead to an increase in the brain drain and Elevated exit of doctors from the country.  Source The Chairman of Esan Central Local Government Council of Edo State, in Edo Central Senatorial District, Prof. Waziri Edokpa, was on Friday kidnapped along the Benin-Ekpoma-Auchi Road in Edo. Gunmen, also Friday, shot dead the driver of a bus in the fleet of a popular transport company and seized fourteen… In "News" A 400-level student of the Department of Political Science, University of Benin, Austin Izu, has been shot dead by yet-to-be-identified gunmen in his friend’s off-campus hostel room on the Federal Girls College Road, Ugbowo. PUNCH Metro gathered that the deceased, who sat his final examination last week, was alleged to… In "News" Benin- A Sixty-six-year old community head in Ugbowo area of Benin City in Edo was on Saturday night killed by gunmen who invaded his residence. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the deceased, Mr John Asemota, was the Odionwere (Clan Head) of Power-line community at Ugbowo. The gunmen,… In "News"