All tertiary institutions in the country have been asked by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) to make drug integrity test an institutional policy for students and form a partnership with the agency to curb the menace of drug abuse in schools.  NDLEA Chairman, Brig. Gen. Buba Marwa (Retd.) said this on Wednesday February 9, at the University of Abuja while launching an anti-drug abuse initiative called ‘Drug-free University Campaign.’ He said the policy should apply to new and returning students, arguing that such would help the fight against drug abuse among the youth. “Part of the measures to reduce drug use in the university is the proposed introduction of the drug integrity test for both new and returning students. The drug integrity test is anticipated to metamorphose into an anti-drug policy for all higher institutions of learning in Nigeria. It is expected that the University of Abuja, being the ‘University of National Unity’, will be the first public University in Nigeria to adopt the drug integrity test for fresh and returning students of the institution. The Drug Integrity Test is not a punitive measure; rather it is an early detection tool to ascertain an individual’s drug use status for appropriate intervention, and timely treatment and care. This will also entail that the university will develop a drug policy and make such available to each student. Equally important is the need to create an NDLEA outpost on the campus where we’ll deploy our men to assist the authorities to deter drug dealers and users within the UniverSity, he said.  Source Chairman/Chief Executive of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), Brig.-Gen. Mohamed Buba Marwa (retd.), has urged all tertiary institutions in Nigeria to make drug integrity test an institutional policy for new and returning students. He said this would boost the fight against drug abuse among Nigerian youths. Marwa spoke… In "Health" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - In a move to curtail abuse of drugs, the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) said it is considering a new policy that will make it mandatory for single ladies to get a drug test before they get married. Chairman of the agency,… In "News" By Ibironke Ariyo Abuja, - The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) says it is partnering with the University of Abuja (UNIABUJA) to curb the menace of drugs among students. The Chairman, NDLEA Col. Muhammad Abdallah, made this disclosure at a sensitisation campaign on drug abuse at the university on… In "Metro"