Former US President, Donald Trump has reacted to the invasion of Russian troops in Ukraine, blaming his successor, Joe Biden and North Atlantic Treaty Organization, NATO, over the crisis.  Trump speaking at the annual Conservative Political Action Conference in Orlando, Florida, blamed Putin’s invasion on Biden’s “weakness”. He hailed President Vladimir Putin’s intellect, describing him as smart and not the real problem. Massive explosions hit Ukraine’s capital, Kyiv, on Saturday as many scrambled for help in Poland, Romania. “As everyone understands, this horrific disaster would never have happened if our election was not rigged,” Trump said. Trump blasted NATO for hitting Russia with sanctions rather than hitting them psychologically. NATO, Trump said, was “looking the opposite of smart” for hitting Russia with sanctions rather than resolving to “blow (Russia) to pieces at least psychologically.” “The problem is not that Putin is smart, which of course he’s smart, but the real problem is that our leaders are so dumb,” the former US President said.  source Washington  -U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday that Russia may be wishing to see his Democratic rival Joe Biden emerge victorious on Election Day. “Russia – probably, they want Biden, because – look – nobody has been tougher to Russia than me.   “Nobody – with the [Nord Stream… In "News" President Donald Trump has continued to attack the President-elect of the United States of America, Joe Biden after taking to Twitter to call him fake President. Trump took to Twitter on Saturday and said a young military man working in Afghanistan told him that elections in the country were better… In "Foreign" •US President-elect Joe Biden Although Joe Biden's victory in the US presidential election has been met with sighs of relief around the world, America's European allies should not assume that its core strategic interests have changed. Still, Biden will bring a very different tone to US foreign policy, and, as… In "Opinion"