Nigerian socio-political activist, Reno Omokri, has blamed the United States President, Joe Biden for Russia’s attack on Ukraine.Omokri said President Putin of Russia took advantage of Biden’s weakness in Afghanistan to attack Russia.  The former aide to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan said Putin smelled Biden’s weakness.In a tweet, Omokri said Biden’s weakness gave Putin the courage to attack Russia.According to Omokri: “When a dog smells weakness, it will always attack. The weakness that Joe Biden projected during the Afghanistan incident is what Putin smelled and that is what gave him the courage to attack Ukraine. Sometimes you need to pick up your gun for your enemy to drop his!”Russia had attacked Ukraine’s multiple borders, the state border service reports.The border said the attacks are targeting border units, border patrols and checkpoints using artillery, heavy equipment and small arms.The service added that Ukraine’s border guards, along with Ukraine’s Armed Forces and National Guard, are firing back and its air force shut down five Russian planes and several attack helicopters.  source The United States and Russia are set to hold much-anticipated talks in January on European security and the Ukraine conflict after Moscow listed demands including to end NATO’s expansion. A spokesperson for the US National Security Council told AFP on condition of anonymity that the talks with Russia will take… In "Foreign" New York - United States of America has warned Ukraine on the need to live up to its promises economic and political reforms or risk seeing the European Union walk away from its sanctions on Russia. U.S. Vice President, Joe Biden, gave the warning on Thursday while speaking to the… In "Foreign" ABUJA - Republican Senator representing South Carolina, Lindsey Graham has again called for the impeachment of President Joe Biden. He made the call over the United States withdrawal from Afghanistan, accusing him of “ignored sound advice” and has “been this way for 40 years”. Multiple explosions near Hamid Karzai International… In "Top Stories"