The Chairman, Lagos State Muslim Pilgrims Welfare Board, Engr. Shakir Ayinde Gafar, on Thursday, led other members of the Board to receive the inspection team of the National Hajj Commission of Nigeria (NAHCON) to the Board’s office in the Old Secretariat, GRA, Ikeja, Lagos. Engr. Gafar, who assured the team of the Board’s readiness to cooperate with the team in order to achieve its purpose in the state, urged the team to be free to carry out its assignment without any fear or favour. While stressing that Lagos is well known for action in every human endeavors, the Chairman said it was God that created Lagos and made it to succeed in everything it laid its hand upon. He added that the state was very prepared for the spiritual exercise whenever the doors of Saudi Arabia are opened for foreign intending pilgrims. Speaking earlier, the team leader, Alhaji Halidu Shutti informed his host that the main purpose of their visit was in fulfillment of Section 4, sub-section 1A of the NAHCON Act 2006, which says, “The Commission shall licence, regulate, supervise and perform oversight functions.” He stated further that the team was basically in Lagos in respect of the operational licence, which he noted had expired some months ago. He added that the team would also confirm and ascertain all the information provided by Board preparatory to the renewal process. Narrating that the team had earlier visited Kwara, Ondo, Ekiti, Osun, Oyo and Ogun states over the same purpose, he affirmed that so far so good, the Lagos reception and experience was unique, memorable and unprecedented. While stressing that it is only in Lagos that the full compliment of Board members, Secretary and entire staff were on ground to receive them, he added that the team also witnessed the renovation work presently going on in the Board with a view to giving the facility a facelift. Expressing his gratitude for the reception, he re-echoed the encomium earlier passed by the Chairman/CEO of NAHCON, Alhaji Zikhrullah Kunle Hazzan that Lagos remains number one in Hajj administration in Nigeria with the array of qualified professionals and exceptional technocrats available for the state in Hajj management, urging the state to keep the flag flying. The Board Secretary, Imam AbdulHakeem Kosoko appreciated the visitors on behalf of the Board. While noting that the intention of every Muslim across the world is to visit Makkah and Madinah for the spiritual exercise, he prayed to Allah to make it possible this year. He also enjoined members of staff to be ready to make sacrifices for the success of this year’s Hajj and subsequent ones. ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - In preparation for the licensing of State Muslim Pilgrims Welfare Boards/Commissions/Agencies, NAHCON has set up a committee to inspect office accommodations, facilities and manpower which are prerequisites for the issuance of licenses to them. NAHCON's Head of Media, Uba Mana in a statement said the inspection… In "News" By Suleiman Shehu   Ibadan   -    As the March 31 deadline approaches, only 500 out of over 1,200 intending pilgrims in Oyo State have completed their fare payment for the 2018 hajj. Alhaji Taofeek Akewugbagold, the Chairman of Oyo State Muslim Pilgrims Welfare Board, disclosed this in an… In "News" The Chairman of the National Hajj Commission of Nigeria (NAHCON) Chairman, Alhaji Zikrullah Kunle Hassan, has paid a working visit to the headquarters of National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA, to discuss matters of mutual interest between the two federal government agencies. Among his entourage were Alhaji Magaji Hardawa, NAHCON’s… In "Health"