A former Governor of Kano State, Senator Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso has called on Nigerians to look for a new party to rescue the country.  According to him, the All Progressives Congress and the People Democratic Party have nothing new to offer Nigerians. Kwankwaso made the assertion at the weekend while featuring on a local radio, Nasara FM, in Kano. According to him, the opposition PDP and ruling APC have nothing to show Nigerians to win the 2023 general elections. He said it was important for Nigerians to pitch their tent with another formidable third force that could rescue the country from her current travails. “I didn’t see anything that either APC or PDP will show or tell Nigerians to get convinced and vote for them in the coming 2023 elections. So I think people should now come to think of the right party and people to support and vote for so that we can rescue the present situation.“In 2015, we gave the leadership of the state to some, thinking that they will make it, but not knowing that it won’t yield any positive outcome. That is why we are back to rescue our state,” Daily Trust quoted Kwankwaso to have said during the radio programme.  source Nigerians have taken to social media to lambast Governor Bello Muhammad Matawalle of Zamfara State for defecting from the People Democratic Party (PDP) to the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). According to Nigerians, Matawalle is a political prostitute who doesn't care about the people. The Personal Assistant to President Muhammadu… In "News" The battle for 2023 presidency is currently leading to division among the Northern leaders over where the presidency should go to despite the insistence of some gladiators that the North must retain power beyond 2023. Saturday Telegraph exclusively gathered that while prominent leaders of the apex Northern group, Arewa Consultative… In "News" By Ojo Maduekwe Several columnists in recent time have argued that the opposition All Progressives Congress (APC), which slogan as a party is ‘Change’, is in itself, in dire need of change. Some of them in their opinion feel that the party bears no semblance to progressivism, but that the… In "Opinion"