Former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar, has urged the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) residents and members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to come out en masse and exercise their franchise in the Feb. 12 area councils election. Abubakar made the call in a statement by his Media Adviser, Paul Ibe, on Tuesday in Abuja. He called on every member of the PDP family to be proud of the party at the election and even mobilize their families and friends to vote for PDP’s candidates across all the FCT councils on Saturday. The 2019 presidential candidate of the PDP also called on all the officials, including security agents who will be involved in the conduct of the election, to ensure it is conducted in line with all relevant provisions that would make the process hitch-free and credible. Abubakar said that the election in the FCT should be a referendum of sorts on the performance of the incumbent All Progressives Congress (APC) administration in the country. The former vice president said that the records of performance between the PDP and APC administrations should provide a guide for the way the people of the FCT should cast their ballots on Saturday. By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja -  The Deputy National Coordinator of the Atiku Political Associates (APA), Chief Dr Mike Audu, has advised  all members of the association to embark on mass grassroots mobilisation of Nigerians and registered political parties for the victory of the Presidential Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar,… In "Top Stories" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - Atiku Abubakar, Presidential Candidate of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), has called for  unconditional release of party members illegally arrested and detained for political reasons in the just-concluded presidential election. Abubakar made the call ahead of the March 9 Governorship and State House of Assembly elections… In "Top Stories" Awka -  Former chairmen of local government councils in Anambra have applauded the nomination of Chief Peter Obi as the running mate of Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Presidential candidate. The chairmen who were elected during the administration of Obi as governor of Anambra made the commendation… In "Politics"