Osun State Governor, Adegboyega Oyetola, on Saturday said his administration’s education reforms were not in any way targeted at anyone but to set right path for the sector in the state. He said the reforms were in line with the desires and yearnings of the people to restore 6-3-3-4 system in consonant with the National Education Policy. Speaking after the inauguration of the newly-renovated block of six classrooms in Ilesa Grammar School, Ilesa, sponsored by the old students association of the school Governor Oyetola said the decision to review some extant policies in the education sector was in response to the demands of Osun people and relevant stakeholders, including old students’ association of Ilesa Grammar School, that not only expressed their reservation for what was done in the past, but even took the government to court. Oyetola said the decision was arrived at having painstakingly assessed the popular demands of individuals and critical stakeholders who also kicked against the merger of schools and change of uniforms. He added that his Administration’s policies and programmes are driven by citizens’ needs and demands saying, ” I am happy to report here today that we have harkened to your voice of reason and the old things have all passed away.” “We have demonstrated our commitment to improving the education system in Osun, including provision of free tuition at primary and secondary school levels, renovation of school buildings across the state, provision of educational materials to school children, sustenance of free feeding for pupils, training and re-training of teachers, and the recent recruitment of 1, 000 new teachers among other interventions.” “Rest assured that our government is ready to partner with groups or organizations to boost all-round development of our State. “As I have always reiterated, education is the backbone of our administration’s Development Agenda. We are therefore committed to the provision of quality, affordable, equitable and functional education. “This initiative is based on our conviction that Osun children are our greatest assets and resources, hence the need to give them a solid foundation that will birth a bright and rewarding future for them”, Oyetola added. Gov. Adegboyega Oyetola of Osun says his administration has attracted over N2 billion in alumni contribution across the state since the review of education policy. Oyetola, who was represented by Folorunso Oladoyin, Commissioner for Education, made the disclosure on Saturday at the60th anniversary of St. John’s Grammar School, Ile-Ife, organised by… In "Education" By Victor Adeoti Osogbo - The Osun Government on Monday announced the abolition of same school uniform policy for students in public schools in the state which was introduced by immediate past administration of Gov. Rauf Aregbesola. The government also announced the reversal of the extant 4-5-3-4 policy in public… In "News" The Federal Government has applauded the commitment and dedication of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) towards enhancing digital skills development among youths, through implementation of various Information and Communication Technology skill acquisition programmes. Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola and the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Prof. Isa Ali… In "News"