Nollywood Actress, Mercy Johnson Okojie has taken to social media to express sympathy with Uromi town and families who lost their loved ones during the armed robbery attack in Edo State. Uromi, on Thursday afternoon 24th February, witnessed one of the most daring bank robberies in Nigeria’s recent history as more than 20 armed men attacked the town in broad daylight for about 2 hours. READ ALSO: “Every Mom’s Dream” – Mercy Johnson Gushes as Her 9-Year-Old, Daughter, Purity Backs 4th Child, Takes Care of Her SiblingsThe armed robbers used explosives to breach the banks’ entrance, while bags of money were carried out and stuffed in different cars. Photos and videos on social media show the level of carnage and murder of Nigerians, including security officers. Taking to her Instagram page, Mercy Johnson said her husband, kids and herself are from Uromi and whatever concerns the town concern them. Mercy Johnson condoles with the families that lost their loved ones during the robbery incident and prayed that the ugly incident would never occur again. In her words: “Black Thursday. My Husband is from Uromi, My kids are from Uromi and I am from Uromi. Whatever concerns Uromi, concerns me. Hence I’m using this medium to reach out to the families of the victims that lost their lives during the Thursday Robbery incident that took place in Uromi READ ALSO: “Every Mom’s Dream” – Mercy Johnson Gushes as Her 9-Year-Old, Daughter, Purity Backs 4th Child, Takes Care of Her SiblingsWe pray that, this ugly incident never reoccurs again and we pray for the repose of the ones that lost their lives. My sincere Condolence goes to every uromi son and daughter. ——MERCY JOHNSON OKOJIE— As Tonto Dikeh nurses the pains of her failed marriage which produced a child, that of her counterpart, Mercy Johnson has continued to flourish. Nollywood actress, Mercy Johnson, her husband, Prince Odi Okojie and their three kids are serving family goals in new photos she shared via her social media… In "Entertainment" Trouble may be brewing in the marriage of actress Mercy Johnson The mum of three surprised many when she deleted all photos of her husband Prince Odi Okojie from her Instagram page She has not explained the reason for her action Mercy Johnson is one actress who regularly takes to… In "Entertainment" Prince Okojie, husband of Nollywood actress, Mercy Johnson has been called out on social media for 'abandoning' his first wife and their children. This is the claim made by a Nigerian lady on Facebook. The lady also shared alleged photos of first wife and children of Mercy Johnson’s husband, Prince… In "Social Media Feeds"