Popular comedian Basketmouth has revealed the length of time he waited to eventually get Wande Coal on the song “Listen”. The multi-talented act unveiled details of his new album ‘Horoscope’ which was officially released on digital platforms on February 11, 2022. For his sophomore album: “Horoscopes”, Basketmouth chose to continue his partnership with producer Duktor Sett for a body of work that lingers in the melancholic at times, but never loses the artist’s characteristic humour. The nine-track project features top musical acts including 2Baba, Illbliss, Wande Coal, Cavemen, Johnny Drille among others. Speaking at the album listening, the 43-year-old comic star said he’s back to his first love, music. He said: “Back then, I started with music, I never really left it. I just took a pause and now I’m back on it but it does not affect any other thing that I’m doing because they all Compliment each other. “Right now, I’m creating content like ‘Flatmate’, ‘Baba Benji’, ‘Ghana Jollof’ and all these contents require soundtracks. So, in the process of making a soundtrack, I made music.” Still, on his new project, Basket in a recent Instagram post shared a short video clip and in the caption revealed it took him two long years for collaboration with Black Diamond to happen while also expressing love for him. He wrote: “It took me two years to get black diamond but you’ll agree it was worth the wait. Listen! @wandecoal Love you bro.”      By Pulse Wande Coal and Don Jazzy are two angry men. They are angry at themselves, mad at each other, and have made it public on Twitter. The general public have taken sides, and currently there is still a hot battle raging on social media between fans of both stars.… In "Entertainment" Wande, 28, was embroiled in a bit of controversy when the news broke out some months ago, but chose to hold his peace. Now he has revealed it all. After five years of secrecy, ex-Mohits and Mavin Records vocalist, Wande Coal, has let out a secret which he has tried… In "Style" By Collins Yakubu-Hammer Abuja   -      Award winning rapper, Olamide Adedeje, also known as `Olamide Baddo’ has appreciated his fans worldwide for the one million views of his latest and controversial music video `WO’ on YouTube. The music video was officially released over a week ago. The Bariga,… In "Entertainment"