By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Lagos is set to host its first major concert of the year this weekend as leading financial institution, Fidelity Bank Plc, hosts The Euphoria concert featuring leading music acts, Johnny Drille, Chike and Fave.   According to the statement signed by the Team Member, Brand & Communications, Benedict Uzor, to be part of The Euphoria, intending guests must download the Fidelity Mobile Banking app while existing customers must carry out a minimum of five transactions to stand a chance to get an invite. To register to attend theevent, simply visit https://www.fidelitybank.ng/euphoria .Holding at the Bank’s purpose-built event center at Oniru, Lagos this Saturday, 19 February 2022, the concert, which is strictly by invite, would also feature a range of interesting activities designed to make the night truly memorable for guests. Explaining the rationale behind the concert, Divisional Head, Brands and Communications, Fidelity Bank Plc, Dr. Meksley Nwagboh said, “Valentine isknown globally as a season of love and sharing. As a bank which puts her customers at the center of everything we do, this year we deemed it fit to host them and their partners to an unforgettable experience to celebrate the season.” Fidelity Bank is a full-fledged commercial bank operating in Nigeria, with about 6 million customers who are serviced across its 250 business offices and digital banking channels. The bank is known for exceptional customer service and digital innovation. Fidelity Bank Plc, is set to host the 11th and 12th editions of its Export Management Programme (EMP) to further boost Nigerian businesses for sustainable export capabilities. The Managing Director, Fidelity Bank Plc, Mrs Nneka Onyeali-Ikpe, disclosed in a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on… In "News" It's been an amazing year all round and celebrities are planning to reward their fans with shows and concerts this December It's the end of the year again and the fun never stops. There's virtually an event for each day so you can be rest assured that December 2018 will… In "Entertainment" As part of sustained efforts to promote ethical values and professionalism within the bank, Fidelity Bank Plc, weekend disclosed plans to participate in this year edition of the Corporate Compliance and Ethics Week. Commencing on November 3 and running up until Friday, November 08, the bank has organised series engagement… In "Business"