Pere Egbi, a BBNaija Shine Ya Eye star, who is popularly known as Pere, has caused a stir online following a post he made on Twitter about being humble.  In the post, Pere explained that being humble was not about people accepting everything they were told, adding that humility was about knowing their worth.The post read, “Humility isn’t nodding your head like an agama lizard saying yes sir to everything you’re told or taking everything you’re given even if it’s beneath you.“Humility in itself is recognizing your worth and knowing not to think of yourself more highly than you ought to! Be humble.”Pere’s post was reposted by Instablog9ja on Tuesday.However, fans had been attacking him as they believed his character during the BBN reality show was not in line with the message in the post.An Instagram user, identified only as Divine, questioned the actor for almost attacking a fellow housemate, Hazel Onou, aka Whitemoney, during the reality show.Using her handle, @dee_tchyna, she said Pere was “someone that nearly used chord to wipe Whitemoney neck.”Another handle, @officialdanielrolland, while reacting to the post, asked, “Pere! Are you humble?However, another person, Adeolu Olatomide, said the statement was “Coming from the wrong person,” as one Mirabel Ndukwe, while using her handle, @chubby_mirabel, said Pere’s statement “Sounds like what a therapist will say. Is Pere seeing one?”  source Many Nigerians who are fans of the BBNaija reality show have gone on on social media to slam Big Brother Naija Season 6 housemate Saga for saying Pere is lonely and should request for a voluntary exit from the show. Saga said this during a conversation with Nini after the… In "Entertainment" The Big Brother Naija 2021 reality show tagged ‘Shine ya eyes’ comes to an end today after twelve weeks of showdown. Amidst the twists, turns, dramas, evictions, social media platforms have been set agog with campaigns and posters of the six housemates who made it to the final week of… In "Entertainment" Queen, a Big Brother Naija Shine Ya Eye housemate, had a clash with the Deputy Head of House, Maria, over Pere. The argument on Tuesday night where Queen got angry at how Maria reacted about her knowing Pere. Queen confronted Maria to state that she didn’t like how Maria talked… In "Entertainment"