Abuja – Security agents have tighten security at the FCT quarters of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) at the Central Business District (CBD), as the Area Councils Election commences on Saturday. The report reaching us has it that as at 7.30 a.m. police and other paramilitary vehicles were stationed at the entrance of the commission, while security personnel had taken charge of movements in and around the premises. A visit to some polling units in the CBD, revealed that both INEC officials and election materials were arriving ahead of the election. At polling units 007, 008, 005, 011, located in Area 2 Shopping Centre, security official and election materials had arrived, while INEC officials were setting up the polling units for the election as at 8.18 a.m. In polling unit 006, election materials and staff were yet to arrive at 8. 20a.m., though security personnel were already at the centre awaiting their arrival. A total of 475 candidates nominated by 18 political parties, including the APC and PDP, were featuring in the chairmanship and councillorship election in the six area councils of the FCT comprising Bwari, Abaji, Gwagwalada, Kuje, Kwali and Abuja Municipal Council (AMAC). Election is to commence by 8.30a.m. and end by 2.30p.m. (NAN) Abuja- The INEC Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC), FCT, Prof. Jacob Jatau, has lauded the performance of the commission in the Saturday Presidential, Senate and House of Representatives polls at the Territory. Jatau said this in an interview with the newsmen in his office in Abuja on Saturday. ``I am impressed with… In "News" Lokoja  - Accreditation of voters in the Kogi Governorship election commenced at 8 a.m.in virtually all the polling units across the state following the arrival of electoral officials and materials as early as 7 a.m.. Correspondents of the News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN) who visited some of the polling… In "Politics" Benin-The governorship election in Edo has recorded an impressive turnout with voters arriving at polling stations in large numbers across the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that as early as 7.30 a.m., voters were seen in large numbers eager to cast their vote in all the polling centres visited. It… In "Politics"