A member of Odua Peoples Congress (OPC) in Oyo State, identified as Moruf is dead. He died as a result of gunshots he sustained during an encounter with a policeman in Ibadan.  According to a report by DailyPost, the policeman attached to Federal Special Anti-Robbery Squad (F-SARS) identified as Segun, allegedly shot Moruf on Thursday, 17th February this year. The incident, according to sources, occurred at Imalefalafia junction, Oke Ado area of Ibadan. It was gathered on Tuesday that Segun, who is also known as Sanjay, allegedly shot Moruf twice on that day. The deceased died as a result of the gunshots on Saturday. Our correspondent gathered that Moruf was until his death a leader of a private security outfit. Segun, who is attached to F-SARS in Lagos State, is fond of shooting into the air twice every night whenever he is in Ibadan, where his family resides. Residents of the area where the rented apartment of the policeman is situated were not comfortable with the attitude of the policeman. Our correspondent gathered that members of the private security outfit led by Mr. Moruf were not also comfortable with the attitude of the policeman because it always created fear and tension in the minds of the residents. Members of the security outfit reported Segun to their boss, who in turn went to Segun to announce their displeasure. It was further gathered that Segun stopped the act of shooting at night after Moruf expressed their displeasure. Few weeks after, he started again anytime he comes back from Lagos. Investigation by DAILY POST revealed that around 11:30pm on Thursday, 17th February, when Segun came back home, he fired twice on air. Some of the residents of the area, who spoke on the condition of anonymity with DAILY POST on Tuesday, said Moruf moved to the area to confront Segun over the unnecessary shootings. Our correspondent gathered that the policeman allegedly shot the OPC member twice in the process. The deceased later died on Saturday. Findings by DAILY POST revealed that the policeman fled the area immediately and till this moment he has not returned to his house. It was gathered that angry residents descended on Segun’s wife’s shop and destroyed it. It was also gathered that the angry mob wanted to set Segun’s rented apartment ablaze but the landlord appealed to them that the house did not belong to him. National Publicity Secretary of OPC New Era, Mr. Adesina Akinpelu confirmed the incident to DAILY POST on Wednesday. Akinpelu, in a telephone conversation with DAILY POST on Wednesday, called on the Inspector General, Usman Alkali Baba and the State Commissioner of Police, Ngozi Onadeko to prosecute the erring policeman. Akinpelu said, “It is true that a F-SARS operative shot one of our members in Ibadan. He later died on Saturday. I am aware. The deceased belonged to Gani Adams group of OPC, but in Yoruba land, OPC is one. We are one.“We want the IGP, CP and the government to bring the policeman who is an operative of F-SARS to book. He cannot just be killing our members like that.“I have appealed to our members not to take laws into their hands, but the police and the government should arrest the policeman and prosecute him. We do not want crisis between the OPC and security agents”. However, all efforts made to get a reaction from the spokesman of the Oyo State Police.  source The Nigerian Police Force has admitted killing an #EndSARS protester in Oyo. Police made the admission on Friday, revealing that the victim was one of the EndSARS protesters simply identified as Dada. He was shot dead in the Olomi Academy area of Ibadan, the Oyo State capital. The police explained… In "News" A police Corporal, simply identified as Stanley, attached to the Ughelli Police Area Command, Ughelli, Delta State, was on Thursday shot dead by suspected hoodlums, who hijacked the #EndSARS protest, which began peacefully in the town.   The deceased was reportedly shot by one of the protesters at Otuvwodo area… In "News" Three members of the the Oodua Peoples Congress (OPC) were remanded in prison for alleged murder and arson by an Iyaganku Chief Magistrates’ court sitting in Ibadan on Wednesday. The three OPC members identified as Awodele Adedigba, 45; Dauda Kazeem , 38, and Hassan Ramon, 33 were involved in the… In "News"