Veteran actress Patience Ozokwor has hinted at featuring in an upcoming movie centred on the character of the popular ‘hell’ evangelist Mummy GO The thespian made this known in an Instagram post. She shared a photo that displayed her clad in a pink skirt and blouse with a gold fascinator and a pair of glasses just like Mummy GO’s. Ozokwor noted the movie “Clash of Mummy GOs” is being set up for all the lovers of the popular controversial evangelist while promising to deliver premium content in her role. Mama G, as she also fondly called, indulged her fans by asking them to guess who the other Mummy GOs are. She wrote: Mummy G.O ready and over. Not even the congregation is ready for this. Clash of Mummy G.Os @ikechukwunweke1 for @divineglobal­_movies. Guess the other Mummy G.Os..#ItsTheStoryForMe #MamaGLovers. Evangelist Funmilayo Adebayo, nicknamed Mummy GO, began making waves on social media due to her controversial sermons. The 54-year-old preacher from Ekiti State is the founder of the Rapture Proclaimer Evangelical Church of God. Her photographs have also gone viral in memes on social media platforms including Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, TikTok, Nairaland with controversial and funny inscriptions that mimic her statements about hell. She became an internet sensation when a viral video of her rendering a song titled ‘Kpatakpata’ caught the attention of social media users. (Thenation)      Nollywood veteran actress, Evangelist Patience Ozokwor, has revealed how she was forced into marriage by her parents at the age of 19. Ozokwor, fondly called ‘Mama G’ said she did not see any reason why her parents were forcing her into marriage at that age, adding that they just wanted… In "Entertainment" Nollywood actress, producer and modelling, Uche Ogbodo celebrates 35th birthday in style. The thespian took to her Instagram page @ Uche Ogbodo on Monday to celebrate the God’s faithfulness upon her life. She wrote,”The hour is finally here, celebrate with me because it is a new dawn, chapter and page… In "Entertainment" The founder of Rapture Proclaimer Evangelical Church of God, Evangelist Funmilayo Adebayo, has said those behind the trending Mummy G.O hellfire memes sent gunmen after her. She said they have been at it for about eight years now and just recently decided to make use of social media to disgrace… In "News"