As Nigerians join the world to mark the 2022 Valentine’s day, the Rotary Club of Jos Central, has donated wheelchairs to 10 Persons Living with Disabilities (PWDs) in Mista Ali community of Bassa Local Government Area of Plateau. Mr Ikoyi Peter, President of the club, who presented the wheelchairs to the beneficiaries on Monday in Jos, said the gesture is aimed at alleviating their sufferings.He added that the gesture is the club’s way of celebrating the Valentine’s day, which he said preaches show of love for the less privileged persons in the society.“Today is Valentine’s day and for us as a club, giving to the needy is better way to show love to humanity which we stand for. “Doing humanitarian service is our major objective and this is why we are donating these wheelchairs today.“We strongly believe that these wheelchairs will alleviate their sufferings and that of their families.“These wheelchairs will help them to move around and improve their livelihoods,” he said. Peter, however, admonished the beneficiaries not to use the wheelchairs for street begging, but for meaningful ventures. Abuja  - The Japanese Government on Thursday in collaboration with the Federal Ministry of Women Affairs and Social Development (FMWASD) distributed 1,900 wheelchairs and 450 walking support wheels to Persons with Disabilities (PwDs). Speaking at the occasion in Abuja, Mr Ezekiel Oyemomi, the Permanent Secretary, FMWASD, said the distribution was… In "News" Enugu,    -    The Rotary International on Wednesday donated 50 wheelchairs to some physically challenged persons in Enugu State to alleviate their sufferings. The Rotary International President, Dr Barry Rassin,who made the donation, said that the organisation would also improve their economic drive to fend for themselves and their families.… In "News" By Jacinta Nwachukwu, ``I love you a lot; these words are not even enough to express how much I love you. You came into my life as an angel of God and make my world bright, colourful and full of love. ``I always pray to God to tie us in… In "News"