An attack by bandits on Kurmin Kare Village in Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna state on Sunday, February 20 has been foiled by the Nigerian police.  Spokesman of the command, ASP Mohammed Jalige, in a statement issued on Monday, February 21, said that police also recovered arms and ammunition from the bandits.He stated that the police were able to foil the planned attack, following credible information that a large number of bandits were sighted around Kurmin Kare village on the Kaduna-Abuja Highway.“The suspects were on a heinous mission to an unidentified location. On getting the information, operatives of the Command mobilised to the location and repelled the bandits,” he stated.“The operation led to the recovery of an AK 47 rifle loaded with 10 rounds of live 7.62x39mm ammunition and 180 rounds of live 7.92x57mm General-Purpose Machine Gun (GPMG) ammunition.”While many of the bandits escaped with bullet wounds, efforts are being intensified to locate the injured, for possible arrest and prosecution,”The PPRO urged adjoining communities to report any person with suspicious injuries to the nearest security formation and assured that information received would be treated with utmost confidentiality.  source …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories" By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja - The Defence Headquarters on Tuesday said the joint operations of the armed forces in Zamfara and Kaduna states had substantially addressed the security challenges in the North-West. The acting Director, Defence Information, Col. Onyema Nwachukwu, disclosed this at a news conference on the activities of… In "News" By Ishaq Saki Gusau, Nov. 26, 2018 (NAN) The Zamfara Police Command on Monday, said it repelled an alleged planned attack on a community in Zamfara and recovered 11 assorted ammunitions from the suspects. The State Commissioner of Police, Mr Usman Belel, who made the disclosure at a news conference… In "Metro"