Nigerian music superstar, Davido, has alleged that some politicians have brought in thugs into Osun State ahead of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) primaries. Davido raised the alarm in a series of tweets on his verified Twitter handle as he reassured Imole supporters not to be intimidated. His tweet read: “It has been brought to my attention that certain individuals have imported thugs and their machineries to our dear state to intimidate delegates, I’ll like to reassure Imole supporters and All Adhoc delegates that there is nothing to fear. “Osun people want Adeleke and so shall it be.” He further expressed disappointment in a certain politician trying to mess things up for his u for. “It hurts sha, a certain politician that I love with all my heart and look up to so much is the one trying to f**k us up but with God nothing dey sup ! IMOLE DE!” Davido wrote. The governorship primary election of PDP for Osun State is slated for March 7, ahead of its governorship election on June 16, 2022. The Osun State Screening Committee cleared all the six governorship aspirants. Davido’s uncle, Senator Ademola Adeleke is a top governorship aspirant of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. Meanwhile, the PDP delegates congress is ongoing in the state. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post)- The newly elected governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in Osun state, Senator Ademola Adeleke has expressed appreciation for the support received during the governorship primaries of the party and assured that his emergence In a message he personally signed, Adeleke affirmed that… In "News" By Sufuyan Ojeifo Senator Ademola Adeleke is an accidental politician. His entry into the politics of Osun state was by happenstance. His eldest brother, Isiaka Adeleke, a former governor of the state, had suddenly died while serving in the Senate. A vacancy was thus created that must be filled by… In "Opinion" Guns boomed and people scampered in different directions as pandemonium rocked the venue of the Southwest Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) congress on Monday in Osogbo, the Osun State capital. The build up to the internal election was tension-soaked between Oyo State Governor Seyi Makinde and former Ekiti State Governor Ayodele… In "News"