Houses have been set ablaze as suspected Fulani militias attacked Apiababum village in Atyap Chiefdom in Zangon Kataf Local Government Area of Kaduna State last night after killing three persons on Sunday night.  A source from the village told Dailypost that the suspected Fulani militias fled but returned on Monday night in their large numbers to burn down the entire village.According to the source, “The way and manner the attackers carry out their attacks of recent are so worrisome in that they come in large number to ensure total destruction of any community they attack leaving no or only very few houses untouched.”He added, “Most of the villages so far attacked in Atyap land leave much to be desired because most of the villages in Atyap Chiefdom have been destroyed by the suspected Fulani militias besides the loss of lives and other valuables.”The source explained that presently, almost all the people in the village will have to manage sleeping outside their homes pending when they are able to put up structures they can rely on.ASP Mohammed Jalige, the State Police Public Relations Officer, Kaduna State Police Command, did not respond to calls put to his phone to confirm the incident.  Source Four lives have been lost as suspected Fulani militias attacked Wawarafi village in Atyap Chiefdom, Zangon Kataf local government area of Kaduna State in the early hours of Monday. A source told DAILY POST that six (6) houses, including foodstuffs and other valuables were destroyed by the suspected Fulani militias.… In "News" KADUNA - The Southern Kaduna Peoples Union (SOKAPU), has lamented that suspected armed Fulani herdsmen have killed not less than 100 Atyap natives in the last six days. They said about 24 villages were also burnt and hundreds of hectares of farmland bearing growing food crops destroyed. The spokesman of… In "Security" The Atyap Development Association (ADA) has cried out that Fulani militia is planning to wipe out communities in Kaduna state. ADA cried out on Wednesday, saying the killing, burning of their communities by suspected Fulani militia is intended to wipe out the communities. A statement made available to newsmen in… In "News"