A former Big Brother Naija housemate, Lucy Edet, has said that she is no longer excited about marriage. In an interview with Saturday Beats, “I am turning 32 in April. I have been very stubborn about it (marriage) and my mother has come to accept that marriage may not be for me. Perhaps, I will just have a child. She (mother) told me two days ago that I should just produce a child and I laughed. “Pressure for marriage isn’t for me because I am more concerned about connecting and living happily with the right person. Until I am able to build my life around that person, I don’t think I want to settle down. “If I feel pressured to get married, I could have done that since I used to be crazy about marriage; but not anymore.” Lucy, who has often been accused of reducing her age, said, “People should leave me alone because it is my age and my choice. I feel it is society that has caused that because many people reduce their ages just to get jobs or to be accepted in the society. But, that has never made sense to me. I have always stuck with my real age. “I don’t see why someone’s thoughts about me should bother me. As long as you are speaking the truth, I won’t be angry about it. However, I have issues with people making up stories. I have heard so many things about me that shocked me. Speaking on her latest projects, the former reality show contestant said, “I still run my grill business from home. Also, I have done a grill show which is yet to be aired. One the show, I grill for celebrities who give their honest opinion about it, and we have other conversations. I have done two movies so far and I am hoping to open a physical space for my business soon.” (Punch)      Actor, Yomi Fabiyi, has said that rather than question whether or not he is married to the mother of his new child, people should be happy for him that he is starting a ‘new life’ after the crash of his first marriage. He told Sunday Scoop, “I was in the labour room… In "News" UK-based Nollywood actress cum producer, Timmy K MacNicol has said she regrets marrying an older man and hopes Regina Daniels does not face same fate. UK-based Nollywood actress cum producer, Timmy K MacNicol Speaking with Pearlnews in a new interview, Timmy talked about the abuse she had to face for… In "Entertainment" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Nigerian actor, Emeka Ike has opened up on the court dissolution of his marriage to his ex wife, Suzanne, staying it was a “Kangaroo judgment”, as he didn’t sign any document and neither he nor his lawyer was in court. Sundiata Post recalls that… In "Top Stories"