Who on God’s earth does Isa Bayero think he is? In what century does he think we are living in? Maybe he thinks this is the age of Uthman Dan Fodio, a feudal epoch where a prince can ride roughshod on any mortal. He says he is a pilot and flew a few presidents. Congratulations. But the age of pilots, he should know, came after the age of the divine rights of kings. He is here but living in the age of caves. Not in the 21st century. Otherwise he won’t insist that an airline about to taxi should stop for about an hour because a person wants to fly. It is not an emirate airline with a small e. It is not Feudal Air or Royal Skies. It is Airpeace and those on board were not royalists but republicans. I don’t know what presidents he flew, but I guess they were not democrats. Bayero said Airpeace Chairman Allen Onyema should apologise? What royal impunity? The Kano throne has a history of better dignity than that. I am sure Onyema will not apologise or travel to Kano to bow for an offence committed against him. It is Isa, who should wrap his tail around him. We abide in a democracy and not in a kingdom. The spat between the Emir of Kano, Alhaji Aminu Ado Bayero and Air Peace, one of Nigeria’s major airlines, has once again, among other issues, brought on the front burner the twin issues of delay and cancellation of scheduled flights. More fundamentally, it has also peered searchlight into and serves… In "Opinion" By Adekunle Williams and Solomon Asowata   Lagos   -    The Managing Director of Air Peace, Mr Allen Onyema, on Thursday said Nigerian airlines were opposed to implementation of the Single African Air Transport Market (SAATM) because of the absence of a level playing field. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "News" IKEJA - Senate President David Mark has said that the National Assembly (NASS) would consider a revolutionary local content regulation for Nigeria’s aviation industry to improve the sector. Mark said this in Lagos on Sunday during the unveiling of 127 pilots and aircraft maintenance engineers trained by the Office of… In "News"