By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – As the fight against criminality intensifies in Benue State, troops from Operation Whirl Stroke, OPWS, Saturday, made a huge breakthrough when they rescued 8 persons from kidnappers den. The rescued locals who hail from Agasha town in Guma local government area were kidnapped on their farms by herdsmen on Wednesday, February 16th, 2022. The Chief Press Secretary to Governor Ortom, Mr. Nat Ikyur, in a press statement Sunday morning, said the victims had spent over three days with their abductors before their rescue. He added that, “Special Adviser to the Governor on Security, Lt. Col Paul Hemba (rtd) who briefed the Governor on the successful rescue operation, explained that the gallantry of troops from Operation Whirl Stroke who made contact with the kidnappers at Gbekyor led to an exchange of gunfire with the perpetrators and over powered them”. “He maintained that the superior fire power of the soldiers overwhelmed the kidnappers who fled in disarray, leaving behind the kidnapped victims”, the statement stressed further. Those rescued by the soldiers include Philip Akpage, 56yr-old, Aondokula Ijah, 30; Mrs Kwadoo Takada, 60; Mrs Kwakuma Asongu, 55; Mrs Agnes Ornguze, 54; Mrs Yanguchan Tiv, 45; Mrs Kwadoo Mtomga, 45 and Mrs Mnembe Terlumum, 30. The victims have since, been reunited with their families. Abuja - The Defence Headquarters said soldiers on internal security operations in North-Central part of the country have killed the ring leader of a notorious kidnap leader and rescued 32 kidnapped victims at Tomayin village in Logo Local Government Area of Benue State.The soldiers from Operation WHIRL STROKE, were said… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Boko Haram insurgents no longer operate on the Nigerian soil, according to the Defence Headquarters (DHQ). Its spokesman Brig.-Gen. Onyema Nwachukwu said the insurgents had been pushed to the Tombus Islands on the fringes of Lake Chad. “Boko Haram is not occupying any part of… In "News" Abuja The Defence Headquarters (DHQ) said 602 repentant ex-terrorists have sworn to an oath of allegiance to the Federal Republic of Nigeria after completing a deradicalisation, rehabilitation and reintegration programme undertaken by the government’s ‘Operation Safe Corridor’ initiative in Gombe State. The DHQ said the oath of allegiance was important… In "News"