A Muslim cleric, Ahmad Guruntum, has advised men following girls that dance inappropriately and post obscene images on social media to stop such act and fear Allah.  While speaking to his followers, Sheik said God frowns at people who promote the publication of inappropriate content on social media via liking or sharing such content.He opined that God hates such acts and as a punishment, God can make the daughters of such men also start publishing indecent content on social media.”My advice to those people following girls showing off inappropriately on social media and to those following every inappropriate page on social media is to Fear Allah.Allah takes whoever has a hand in proliferating something bad as a sin, just as who did the sin.Your daughter or sister isn’t dancing on social media but you are out there following other people’s daughter and sisters that dance online.Is it fair? You are not being fair to these girls that you are following’s father and mother. And liking those types of pages is amongst the proliferation of evil in the society.The moment you like an inappropriate content on social media, you are directly promoting it and speading it.Allah can punish you by making your daughter post indescent content like those girls you’re following and liking.  Source Abuja - The Chief Imam of Area 10 Juma'ah Mosque, Abuja, Malam Yahya Al-Yolawi, on Friday admonished Muslims to be God-fearing in all their affairs. He gave the charge while delivering his Juma'ah (Friday) Sermon in Abuja. The cleric reminded the congregation that God consciousness was a means to be… In "News" By Moses Ochonu ABUJA (Sundiata Post) The two clerics were in London to attend an Islamic conference and squeezed in leisure and tourism into their itinerary. Their touristic adventures in the British capital, which, in the rhetoric of many puritan clerics, is a bastion of an immoral modernity, Western education,… In "Social Media Feeds" The practice of abducting and converting Christian girls to Islam in the northern part of the country and marrying them off to Muslim men by compulsion recently attracted international attention and condemnation. Open Doors International (ODI), an organisation that serves the persecuted Christians worldwide, came out with a position that… In "Metro"