ABUJA – The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has announced the redeployment of about 186 Staff across its offices in the states for greater efficiency and optimal performance. Barrister Festus Okoye INEC National Commissioner and Chairman Information and Voter Education Committee stated this in a statement he released in Abuja. According to Okoye, the affected staff are either serving in their States of origin or have served for between 10 and 32 years in the same State. The Commission he said considers this development as unhealthy for the sensitive responsibilities they discharge. In line with the Commission’s existing posting policy, adding that henceforth no Head of Department (HoD) or Electoral Officer (EO) shall serve in his/her state of origin. Furthermore, no staff shall serve for more than two electoral cycles in the same duty post. “Consequently, the Commission has identified 186 staff for immediate redeployment. Among them are 46 HoDs who are either serving in their States of origin or served for more than two electoral cycles in the same State as well as 140 EOs serving in their States of origin or served for more than two electoral cycles in the same State. “The redeployed staff are to complete the handing and taking over not later than Wednesday 9th March 2022. “This will be an ongoing exercise that will extend to other categories of staff in the Commission’s Headquarters, State and Local Government offices nationwide” he stated. According to The PUNCH, the Independent National Electoral Commission has announced the redeployment of five Resident Electoral Commissioners. INEC National Commissioner and chairman (Information and Voter Education Committee), Festus Okoye, made the announcement in a statement issued on Sunday titled, ‘Redeployment of five RECs and four Directors.’ He said, “In… In "News" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Thursday, said it is satisfied with the current level of preparations for the November 6 Anambra governorship election. In a statement by its National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, Festus Okoye in Abuja, the commission… In "Top Stories" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja -  The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Thursday inaugurated two ad hoc committees as part of its preparations for the forthcoming 2019 general elections. The two committees, Electoral Logistics and Collation Centre, were inaugurated by the INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu at the commission’s headquarters… In "Politics"