An association of youths in Niger — Concerned Shiroro Youths — has commended Sen. Mohammed Musa (APC-Niger) for distributing relief materials and cash gift to the Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in Shiroro Local Government Area of the state.  The commendation is contained in a statement signed by Mr Sani Kokki and Mr Bello Ibrahim, the co-conveners of the group on Friday in Minna. The statement said that items donated were 150 bags of 50 kg rice, 20 bags of garri, 15 bales of blankets, 60 bales of mats, three bales of children cloths, groceries and seasonings, among other. The statement added that there was also a cash donation of N1.5 million to help the IDPs to meet other challenges while staying in the camps. It said that the presentation of the items took place at Gwada, Kuta and Zumba IDP camps under the supervision of the council Chairman, Alhaji Baba Bisalla and Musa. The statement also that the association was also on ground to monitor the distribution of the relief material and cash to the IDPs, advising them to ensure judicious use of the items and cash. “We urge the IDPs to make judicious use of the relief materials in spite the fact that same cannot be enough but only to cushion the effects of their displacement,” it said. The statement urged other political office holders to emulate the gesture of Musa who is the Senate Committee Chairman on House Services to help humanity. “We are extremely happy with the excellent representation of the people’s senator. He is always very outspoken on issues that affect his constituents, especially as it relates to advancing their collective interest and attracting huge federal presence to his constituency,” the statement said. Musa represents Niger East Senatorial District of the state at the National Assembly, he is aspiring for the office of the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC).  (NAN) An early morning bandits attack in Erena in Shiroro local government area of Niger state has left two people dead and about 2,000 cattle stolen. Many people were injured in the attack where over 100 bandits were said to have invaded Erena and its environs shooting sporadically and brandishing dangerous… In "News" Minna   -     The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) on Thursday distributed food items to about 172 households displaced by flood in Niger. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the households were displaced by flood in Shiroro and Bosso Local Government Areas of the state. The NEMA Director General,… In "News" By Obinna Unaeze Shiroro (Niger) - The Niger government on Tuesday said that five communities in Shiroro Local Government Area of the state would benefit from the free medical treatment offered by the Nigerian Air Force (NAF). Gov. Abubakar Bello of Niger made this known while inaugurating the three day… In "Health"