Parts of eastern Australia are battling with severe flooding following torrential rains as officials warned on Monday of a life-threatening situation.  Many people, especially around the city of Lismore in the state of New South Wales, had taken refuge on the roofs of their homes to escape rapidly rising waters, Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison said.He spoke of a crisis situation and planned to consult later in the day with the country’s emergency authorities on how to proceed.Lismore Mayor, Steve Krieg described the situation as unprecedented and life-threatening.Writing on Lismore’s website, he said the community was facing “one of the most difficult periods in its history.“More than 15,000 people in the region have already been moved to safety from the flooding.’’Australia’s largest city, Sydney, also recently experienced flooding, Meteorologists said it was Sydney’s wettest summer for 30 years.Meanwhile, in the neighboring state of Queensland, the death toll rose to eight, three people are still missing, according to police reports.The metropolis of Brisbane and the cities of Gympie and Maryborough were particularly badly affected, as well as areas along the Sunshine Coast.The region has seen as much rain in a few days as it normally does in an entire year.More than 50,000 homes are without power hundreds of schools remain closed and public transportation such as buses, trains, and ferries have been suspended.Australia is being particularly badly affected by climate change, the extreme weather was triggered by a slow-moving low-pressure system.In mid-January, large parts of the country were still sweltering under a merciless heat wave, with temperatures of more than 50 degrees recorded in the west of the country.  NAN •Dr Dakuku Peterside The 2015 governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Rivers State, Dr Dakuku Peterside has called on Governor Nyesom Wike to urgently reactivate the drainage master plan put in place by his predecessor, Hon. Chibuike Amaechi. Dr Peterside spoke against the terrible flooding being experienced… In "Top Stories" JOHANNESBURG - More than 50 people were killed in southern and eastern parts of South Africa after heavy rains caused flooding and mudslides, authorities said on Wednesday. Rescue workers were digging through collapsed homes and other buildings in coastal areas of KwaZulu-Natal province, where the death toll stood at 51,… In "Foreign" By Dayo Komolafe From all indications, the onset of this year’s rainy season would have elicited mixed reactions from people across different sections of the country. To a large majority of citizens, particularly farmers, the season signals a joyful moment, the beginning of the planting season. However, to others living… In "Features"