nited Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) has identified investment in girl-child education, media engagement, and community sensitisation as means of ending the practice of female genital mutilation. The UNICEF Enugu Field Officer, Mrs Maureen Zubie-Okolo, stated this at a zonal media dialogue briefing on quality and increased reportage against female genital mutilation and violence against children in South East. Crisis rocks APM over N27m party money, BoT suspendedInside FG’s move to launch new multibillion naira satellite The programme was organised in conjunction with the Broadcasting Corporation of Abia State in commemoration of the 2022 International Day of Zero Tolerance to female genital mutilation holding today with the theme, “Accelerating Investment to End Female Genital Mutilation.” Zubie-Okolo said, “The female genital mutilation has no health benefits – it’s deeply harmful to girls and women both physically and psychologically, It’s a practice that has no place in our society today and must be ended as many Nigerian communities have already pledged to do.” Director General, Abia State Broadcasting Corporation, Anyanso Anyanso, said that media had a big role to play in sensitisation to end the practice, Child Protection Specialist, UNICEF Field Office Enugu, Victor Atuchukwu, said contrary to the expectation that the practice would cut sexual appetite, the practice rather diminishes the dignity, self respect and worth of the female On the International Day of Zero Tolerance for Female Genital Mutilation, the United Nations and its relevant sub-bodies like UNFPA, UNICEF and UN Women have reaffirmed their commitment to end this violation of human rights, so that the tens of millions of girls who are still at risk of being… In "News" By Franca Ofili Port Harcourt - The 2018 Nigeria Demographic and Health Survey (NDHS) has revealed that the proportion of women who are circumcised decreased from 25 per cent in 2013 to 20 per cent in 2018. Mrs Maureen Zubie-Okolo, Monitoring and Evaluation Specialist, said this in Port-Harcourt at the… In "News" ABUJA – Mrs. Aisha Buhari, wife of the President, has declared that female circumcision (or female genital mutilation) in Nigeria must come to an end within a generation. She said this on Tuesday in Abuja at the launch of the national response to eliminate the practice of Female Genital Mutilation/Cutting… In "Top Stories"