The Project Manager, Kopek Construction Company, Mr Majed Aboujoaude, says the ongoing reconstruction of Ibadan-Ife-Ijesa expressway that passes through the ancient city of Ile-Ife, will be completed within six weeks.  Aboujoaude made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), on Wednesday, in Ile-Ife.He said that work on the road began in 2009, but was abandoned since then due to the financial constraints.The project manager commended Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, former Deputy-Governor of Osun, Sen. Iyiola Omisore and Federal Ministry of Works and Housing for their efforts towards the completion of the road.He said that the efforts to the Federal Government to pay the money to the contractor “is highly appreciated’’.“The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi and Sen. Iyiola Omisore, have contributed their quotas to consistently appealing to Federal Government in ensuring the release of the funds for the work.“So the amount released for now will surely complete the dual carriage way road within Mayfair roundabout to Lagere roundabout.” he said.Aboujoaude said the electric poles on the major road were obstructing the ongoing work, adding, however, that necessary steps had been taken on that.“So by next week, the poles will be removed and justice will be done on that side too.’’Aboujoaude told NAN that only Mayfair to Lagere roundabout would be completed, while Lagere to Garage Ilesa would be stopped for now as the case of demolition was still pending in the court of Justice.A motorcyclist, Mr Damilola Adeniyi, lauded the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari and Minister of Works and Housing, Mr Babatunde Fasola, for their good work towards the reconstruction of Ife-Ilesa road axis.He appealed to the Federal Government to ensure that they disbursed enough funds to the project so that the contractor would expedite the completion of the road project soonest.According to him, motorists and commuters plying the road are facing heavy traffic on the highway since the contractor embarks on the project.He admonished all the road users to obey all road traffic rules and use the road in a manner that is safe and considerate for the benefit of other road users.  (NAN) ILE-IFE - President Goodluck Jonathan said on Saturday in Ile-Ife that the PDP candidate for the Aug. 9 Osun governorship poll, Iyiola Omisore, would emerge victorious. Jonathan spoke during a courtesy visit to Oba Okunade Sijuwade, the Ooni of Ife. ``Omisore's time has come …God's time is the best,’’ he… In "Politics" Ibadan -  The Cocoa Research Institute of Nigeria (CRIN), Ibadan, is collaborating with the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, and FEG-Agro Ijebu Ijesa, Osun to distribute 10 million improved cocoa seedlings to some youth farmers. The institute’s Assistant Director, Dr Abiodun Adedeji, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "News" By Dorcas Elusogbon Ile-Ife (Osun) -   The Federal Government has pledged to complete the abandoned dam at Kajola /Owena area of Osun, saying it remains a priority project. The Minister of Water Resources, Sulaiman Adamu, said this on Wednesday during a courtesy visit to the Ooni of Ife, Oba… In "News"