The Super Eagles of Nigeria have climbed up four places by moving from 36th to 32nd in the latest FIFA Ranking released by the world football governing body on Thursday  February 10. Nigeria also moved from fifth to third position in Africa behind only Senegal and Morocco after overtaking Algeria and Tunisia in the rankings despite an early exit from the just concluded Africa Cup of Nations in Cameroon. AFCON winners, Senegal remains the best team, followed by Morocco, Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, Cameroon, Algeria, Mali and the Ivory Coast in that order to make up the top 10 best teams on the continent. The just-concluded Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) in Cameroon helped the Super Eagles garner 31.13 points during the period under review after securing three group-stage victories against Egypt, Sudan, and Guinea-Bissau before falling to Tunisia at the Round-of-16. Nigeria garnered the third-highest points (31.13) behind AFCON finalists Egypt (45.28) and AFCON hosts and bronze medalists Cameroon (43.47). Globally, Belgium retains the number one spot , followed by Brazil, France, Argentina, England, Italy, Spain, Portugal, Denmark, and Netherlands.       By Bushrah Yusuf-Badmus Ilorin  -  The Super Eagles have moved up in FIFA’s monthly world ranking, in spite of Nigeria’s inability to qualify for the just-ended 2017 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) in Gabon. In the ranking table the world football governing body released on Thursday, Nigeria moved up nine… In "Sports" Super Eagles’ iconic Nike kit has been rated second best among the 24 countries that will be participating at the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations which kicks off today in Egypt. Nigeria will battle Burundi, Guinea and Madagascar to qualify out of Group B. The iconic green and white chevron… In "Sports" Abuja -Kashimawo Laloko, former Technical Director of Nigeria Football Association (NFA), has charged Sunday Oliseh, Super Eagles Head Coach, to concentrate on building standing team for the country. Laloko told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), that the trial and error period should be over now, having qualified for the… In "Sports"