Ghanaian actress, Yvonne Nelson, has revealed how the money she earned from making movies in Nigeria was used to produce her Ghanaian movies. Nelson, who spoke during an interview on a Ghanaian radio station, Hitz FM, said she made a decent living while making films in Nigeria. She stated that she did not spend much of the money she earned but saved it for her movies, adding that producing her movies has been rewarding. A Ghanaian radio station, the actress, who has featured in several Nollywood movies, spoke on how she made money from Nigeria. She said, “There is money in film, I started in 2010, so I have been using the same money you know. “I have made some decent money from Nigeria, so that money I didn’t touch it, it is for production. “I have my production account so that is what I have been using to produce all these movies, and luckily for me, some of my past productions I got like placement money from companies to do placements and stuff. “It has been rewarding if you know what you are doing and your movies are good.” Commenting on how Ghana’s movie industry can step up, Nelson mentioned some of her colleagues who could start making quality movies to revive the country’s film industry. Nelson, who has starred in many Nollywood movies, urged Ghanaian actors to put more effort into reviving the country’s movie industry. “It can, if John Dumelo, Jackie Appiah, Yvonne Okoro, Van Vicker, we all become producers. I believe everyone is going to see it, you know, the revival will be seen. I am urging people, not just outsiders or people who have money, we can do it on our own. “I can’t be the only one going around talking and saying let’s do this, people can see that we are not even bothered about the industry, we don’t care if it crashes or not so yeah if we can all start producing and helping the younger ones also showcase their talents, I believe we will start from somewhere,” she stated. (Punch)      Priscilla Osaje Abuja - Renowned Ghanaian actress, Yvonne Nelson has expressed regretted for not being serious with her education. The Mother of one narrated how she had little time for her books after getting a spot in the entertainment industry in a recent interview. She further explained the challenges she… In "Entertainment" Ghanaian Actress, Yvonne Nelson has revealed that she dumped her fiance to become a baby mama. She was reacting to the backlash from controversial Ghanaian marriage counselor, Rev. George Lutterodt, that Yvonne is Stupid for giving birth out of Wedlock. In an Interview with Wow Magazine, Yvonne disclosed that an… In "Entertainment" America-based Nigerian controversial soft-porn star, Judith Mazagwu, popularly known as Afrocandy, has been in the country for a while now. The mother of two girls is in the country to put finishing touches to her new film, Queen of Zamunda. She spoke with Vanguard's Juliet Ebirim and Iyabo Aina In… In "Style"