Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, has addressed concerns of a Nigerian youth becoming the next president in 2023. Ahead of the 2023 elections, Nigerian youths have agitated that old leaders should not be allowed to lead the nation after President Muhammadu Buhari. According to them, it’s time for a young Nigerian to lead the country. However, Tinubu, while speaking in a viral video sighted by DAILY POST, said he wants the youth to be president of Nigeria but that will happen after he’s served as the president. The APC leader made the comment during a visit to the Alaafin of Oyo on Sunday. “If you become the President, you want to chase us from the streets? “You’ll become old and be president but after me,” Tinubu said. The Former Governor of Lagos State had recently announced his intention to contest for president in 2023. Tinubu told President Muhammadu Buhari that his decision to run for the presidency was a lifelong aspiration. Similarly, reports had it that Osinbajo would soon make his intention known. Nigerian activist, Omoyele Sowore has called out All Progressives Congress national leader, Bola Tinubu after he declared his intention to become President in 2023. Sowore, in a post on his Facebook page on Monday, said Tinubu might consult with whosoever he wanted but warned that this ambition might never be… In "News" The Youth4Youth Movement, a political group, says a viable, agile, visionary and youthful president is the best bet for Nigeria in 2023. The group pledging their commitments to make it a reality. It made this known in a statement signed by its Director of Communications, Mr Timiprye Sam, which was… In "News" A group of former senators, House of Representatives members and other politicians across the Southwest geo-political zone has urged the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, to contest as president in the 2023 election. They spoke on Tuesday at the unveiling of the group’s logo… In "News"