The Delta government has appealed for calm from the public following the outrage that trailed the death of a toddler who was flogged by a teacher.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the toddler, 19-month-old, Master Obinna Udeze, reportedly died following injuries sustained after he was allegedly flogged by Mr Emeka Nwogbo, 24. Delta Commissioner for Information, Mr Charles Aniagwu, told newsmen on Monday in Asaba that the state government is committed to ensuring justice for the deceased toddler.Aniagwu spoke during the parade of the suspects, Emeka and his mother, Mrs Nwogbo, who happened to be the proprietress of the school, Arise and Shine Nursery and Primary. School, Asaba.He said the state government was deeply concerned over the incident, and pledged the government’s commitment to investigate into the matter. “As a state government, we are deeply concerned over the circumstances surrounding the death of the victim.“The life of every resident is of utmost importance to the government that is why we want to ensure justice in this matter.“We want so appeal to members of the public to remain calm and exercise restraint. Let us allow the police to do their job thoroughly,” he said. The commissioner assured that the state government would work assiduously with the police to ensure a thorough investigation and prosecution of anybody or persons found culpable.Also speaking, the Delta Commissioner of Police, Mr Ali Mohammed, said that the police are working round the clock to ensure justice for all parties concerned over the death of the toddler.He said the command received the report of the alleged manhandling of the 19-month-old toddler on Feb. 10, and swung into action with investigations. “However, we later received a report that the child died at about 9.30am on Saturday, at the Federal Medical Centre, Asaba, so we arrested the suspects.“We are awaiting the autopsy report from the hospital, and we want to appeal for calm from all and sundry.“Once, we get the autopsy report, we will go into full investigation and I want to assure the public that justice will be serve in this matter,” Mohammed said. By Peter Ugwu Ken Nwogbo, first class business journalist and one of the doyens of ICT journalism in Nigeria has been appointed contributing editor of Techtrendsng, one of Nigeria’s leading Tech blog which provides quality information in ICT related issues.  Nwogbo also founder and editor-in-chief of Nigeria Communications Week, will… In "News" How 270 Pro-Biafra Activists Were Killed - Intersociety Replies Nigerian Military In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post)  -  Assistant Inspector-General of police, Zone 5, Rasheed Akintunde, has ordered the arrest of three policemen who were allegedly involved in the death of one Samson Omonuwa in Warri, Delta State.   DSP Emeka Iheanacho, the Zonal Public Relation Officer, disclosed this in a statement made available… In "News"