Senate has strongly condemned frequent killings between the Ezza people of Benue state and Effium people of Ebonyi state and  urged the Federal Ministry of Defence, the Nigeria Police Force, and other relevant security agencies to establish a security base to the boundaries between the two states to keep the peace, as a matter of urgency. This sequel to a motion titled“Incessant bloody clash between bordering communities of Benue and Ebonyi states: urgent need for Senate intervention, sponsored bySenator Abba Moro (Benue South). Moro noted with utmost importance that human existence on planet Earth is primarily hinged to life and respecting, protecting and placing value on the sanctity of human life is the only sure way for humankind to continue to existt. According to him, this is why the constitution of every nation, Nigeria inclusive makes it clear that everyone has a right to life and no one has such right to take the life of another or even attempt to take his own life. He noted further that the essence of life is to “live and let live and societal living is possible only when there is communal harmony and feeling of brotherhood among members of the community”. Sadly, however “the principle of shared polyphony and feeling of comradeship no longer exist between the bordering Communities of Ezza in Ado Local Government Area of Benue State and Effium of Ohaukwu Local Government Area of Ebonyi State following ceaseless Communal clashes between the duo which always leads to killing of one another and destruction of valuables and means of livelihood worth hundreds of millions”.. The Benue South lawmaker regrettably recalled that a petition on this same crisis was laid through him in the Senate on May 5, 2021 and in furtherance to that, he and his colleague, Sen.Sam Egwu of Ebonyi North Senatorial District together pleaded with their constituents “to sheath their swords and embrace peace, yet the people have refused to bid a farewell to arms and the crisis still lingers”. Unfortunately, not less than 53 people on both sides have lost their lives in the recent clashes between the Ezza and Effium people of Benue and Ebonyi states, he said. “Painfully, the  crisis again started in the night and spilled into a better part of the next day as houses of the Ezza people of Ado Local Government Area of Benue State were set ablaze in the night leading to death of many Ezzas in their sleep and it doesn’t look like the incessant attacks on the peace-loving people of Ezza is coming to an end any time soon if urgent  steps are not taken to permanently halt the ugly perennial mayhem suffered by the Ezza people in Ado Local Government Area of Benue State. Senator Moro attributed the discovery of mineral resources in the area as what has aggravated the communal clashes. He said the entire Ezza community has been sacked as over 30 persons were killed within 24 hours. “The border community is now a ghost town as people moved away from their ancestral homes becoming “refugees in foreign land”. Senate accordingly resolved to“urge the National Boundary Commission to exercise its powers as enshrined under Section 7 of the National Boundary Commission Act, to define and delineate boundaries between the Ezzas and Effiums in accordance with the delineation instrument or document established for that purpose so as to bring to a final end the boundary issues between the two communities. “Urge the National Emergency Management Agency to quickly mobilise relief and rehabilitation materials to families of victims and displaced Ezzas in the recent attacks” Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Lawmakers from Ebonyi and Benue States have called on the Federal Government to urgently interfere in the perennial land dispute between the people of Ngbo/Effium of Ebonyi State and Agila people of Benue State. The age long feuds between the 2 communities has led to communal… In "News" Ebonyi state governor, David Umahi, reacted to the clash between herdsmen and farmers at Enyanwu Igwe Igbeagu community - The governor ordered the herdsmen in the community to vacate immediately - He said he can't watch and let killings like that of Benue happen in his state Governor David Umahi… In "News" …Kaduna, Zamfara, Borno deadliest states…North-West deadliest zone AS flames of violence and other forms of lives guzzling insecurity flicker in many parts of the country, Nigeria has literally become a killing field. In the first six weeks of 2021, lives of no fewer than 1,525 persons have been wasted across… In "Top Stories"