The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), says the COVID-19 pandemic has highlighted the importance of infodemic management to effectively respond to the outbreak of diseases in the country.  The Director-General, NCDC, Dr Ifedayo Adetifa, said this at a three-day Nigeria Infodemic Management Review Workshop (2022) on Thursday in Nasarawa. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that infodemic has been a significant driver of continued spread of SARS-CoV-2 and emergence of its variants across the globe. This is due to poor compliance with public health and social measures and growing vaccine hesitancy, stemming from the spread of inaccurate information about the disease. Therefore, there is need to review the current national infodemic management strategy with a view to strengthening the subnational component for a more responsive, effective and community centered infodemic response. Adetifa said the workshop came at a very critical time given the ongoing pandemic and issues with persistent doubt of COVID-19 and the vaccine. “The raison d’être of any workshop, project, training and more is very key to have at the back of one’s mind to get the most of any of these opportunities,” he said. The NCDC DG stressed that the COVID-19 pandemic was far from over despite varying responses globally such as lifting of restrictions. “If infodemics are not adequately managed, they could be more deadly than the virus itself. “This workshop aims to review the current infodemic management response and engage more stakeholders to join the fight,” he added. The Executive Director, National Primary Health Care Development Agency (NPHCDA) Dr Faisal Shuaib, said the COVID-19 vaccine rumour was highly contagious and had been spreading exponentially across the  country. Shuaib, who was represented by Mr Sani Abdullahi Oji, Programmes Communication Officer, NPHCDA, stressed that rumours and conspiracy theories had contributed to mistrust on COVID-19 vaccination hesitancy. “But NPHCDA through its COVID-19 Crisis Communication Centre (CRICC) has continued to track COVID-19 vaccine misinformation in real-time and engaging with traditional and social media to disseminate correct information. “This has led to improved vaccination uptake across the country. “Being part of infodemic managemet team is in line with NPHCDA’s policy of ensuring that Nigerians have access to acurate and factual information on COVID-19 and its ongoing vaccination exercise,” he explained. He assured that the NPHCDA would continue to develop communication interventions targeting individuals, communities, cultural and societal-level factors to protect people against rumours and conspiracy theories in order to flatten the misinformation curve. Dr. Umar -Farouk Olayinka, Deputy Project Director Risk Communication, Breakthrough ACTION, Nigeria (BA-N), said the National Infodemic Management Team, coordinated by NCDC with the support of BA-N organised the workshop. She said the workshop was to review the infodemic management response in the country and develop integrated plan for responding to infodemics both at the national and sub-national levels.Olayinka said infodemic could lead to confusion and ultimately mistrust in governments and public health response.She noted that this had been a particular challenge during the COVID-19 pandemic and other infectious diseases being managed in the country.According to her, the importance of credible information to manage infodemic cannot be overemphasised in the country.“Misinformation surrounding COVID-19 poses a global public health problem that adversely affects governments’ abilities to mitigate the disease and causes accidental deaths and self-harm due to false beliefs about the virus, prevention measures, vaccines and cures,” she explained.  NAN •Participants at the #COVID19InnovationChallengeStartups By Emmanuel Afonne ABUJA - Ventures Platform, a Pan – African early stage fund has given 21,000 dollars to seven startups, following the #COVID19InnovationChallenge virtual Demo Day, to support those currently providing solutions and platforms to mitigate the spread of COVID-19 in the country. A statement issued… In "Business" The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, (NCDC), says no person in Nigeria has died of COVID-19 with the B.1.1.529 SARS-CoV-2 lineage, the Omicron variant, in the country, as the variant surges across the country. The NCDC Director-General, Dr Ifedayo Adetifa, disclosed this to newsmen on Friday in Abuja. The News… In "Health" By Cecilia Ologunagba Abuja - The World Health Organisation (WHO) is developing a master plan for coordinating clinical trials that could lead to potential therapies for patients infected with Coronavirus (COVID-19). WHO Director-General, Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, announced this at a news conference in Geneva, at the conclusion of a two-day… In "Health"