There was heavy security presence today at the Ebonyi State House of Assembly as plot to remove Deputy Speaker of the Houses representing Onicha East State constituency, Rt. Hon. Odefa Obasi Odefa intensified. Recall that Odefa had on Saturday raised alarm over an alleged plot by some individuals to remove him from office as the Deputy Speaker of the State House of Assembly.  Odefa who alleged that such clandestine moves were in connection with his decision to remain in PDP added that “I do not have any moral ground or justification to abandon the party that has been so good to me.” Addressing a press conference in Abakaliki, the four terms lawmaker further added that “I’m aware that there are already some clandestine moves to possibly incarcerate, intimidate, and harrass me; members of my family and my political associates.” According to him, “I am aware that there is a move to make illegal attempt to remove me as the Deputy Speaker of the Ebonyi State House of Assembly, a position that my colleagues have found me worthy and capable of manning for some years now.”  source The Deputy Speaker of Ebonyi state House of Assembly, Odefa Obasi Odefa, Saturday, reaffirmed his loyalty to the People’s Democratic Party (PDP). Odefa who is representing Onicha East constituency in the state for the fourth time said he remained loyal to PDP as the platform he has served his people… In "Politics" ABAKALIKI - Ebonyi legislators on Friday in Abakaliki, elected Chief Jerry Obasi (PDP—Ohaozara West) as their new deputy speaker. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the new deputy speaker replaces Chief Blaise Orji who was removed by the House. Chief Ogbonnaya Ikoro, the Chief Whip, who moved the… In "News" By Chukwuemeka Opara Agbaja (Ebonyi) -   Chief Ogbonna Nwifuru, Speaker of Ebonyi House of Assembly (EBHA), on Friday distributed 700 bags of fertiliser to farmers in Izzi West constituency of Ebonyi. Nwifuru made the distribution at Agbaja community during his 2018 mid-term score card briefing, directing that each of… In "Business"