American rapper Kanye West has delivered a truckload of roses to his estranged wife Kim Kardashian on Valentine’s Day. The billionaire rapper and Kim have been separated for over a year. In a post shared via his Instagram page, the rapper shared a photo of the truckload of roses with the caption; “I DON’T HAVE BEEF WITH KIM I LOVE MY FAMILY SO STOP THAT NARRATIVE IM NOT GIVING UP ON MY FAMILY I BOUGHT THIS COAT FOR KIM BEFORE SNL I THOUGHT IT WAS PARTICULARLY SPECIAL I HAVE FAITH THAT WE‘LL BE BACK TOGETHER,” part of the post read. Since their separation in 2021, they have both been moved on to other relationships. Kim is currently dating comedian Pete Davidson while Kanye has been linked to several celebrities including models and most recently an actress. Kim and Kanye’s official divorce news first broke in February 2021. This came weeks after speculations about their marriage collapse. It would be recalled that West called out his wife on Twitter back in July 2020, for meeting with rapper Meek Mill at the Waldorf hotel. He later deleted the tweets. Their separation has been marred by drama on social media. From Kanye calling out Kim for kidnapping one of their daughters and exposing the other to social media to Kim claiming to be solely responsible for the care of their children, it’s been tough keeping up with the West. Kim and Kanye have four children: North, 8, Saint, 5, Chicago, 4, and Psalm, 2.   Rapper, Kanye West went off on a Twitter rant on Monday July 20, calling out his wife Kim Kardashian and mother-in-law, Kris Jenner. In series of tweets he shared, the rapper accused Kim and Jenner of trying to lock him up. He also compared his life to the movie Get… In "Foreign" American rapper Kanye West has deleted all the posts about his estranged wife and their four children on his Instagram account. This is coming days after he shared a series of posts on the social media app calling out Kim’s style of parenting. The billionaire rapper's decision to delete the posts… In "News" Kanye West is tweeting again and this time, he's saying some shocking things about his family, Michael Jackson, and other people. He said he's been trying to divorce Kim Kardashian for years now. He said he began considering the divorce after Kim met Meek Mill at a hotel for prison… In "Social Media Feeds"