 Mr James Odaudu, Director of Public Affairs, Ministry of Aviation, has praised aviation unions for choosing the path of negotiations that led to the suspension of a planned nation strike. Odaudu gave the commendation on Saturday in Abuja during an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN). According to him, such move by the labour leaders can only come as a result of understanding, bravery and maturity. He said aviation workers under the aegis of the National Union of Air Transport Employees (NAUTE) and Association of Nigeria Aviation Professionals (ANAP) had threatened to put their services on hold on Feb.8. Odaudu pointed out that the threat was as a result of majorly unimplemented agreements with the government. He also commended Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika, Minister of Labour and Productivity, Sen. Chris Ngige and the aviation Permanent Secretary, Mr Abel Enitan, for their recent “great intervention and understanding“. “Aviation is a gateway to the country and constant threats of industrial action do not augur well for the nation’s image. So, labour leaders should be commended for choosing the path of negotiations which has ended with everyone being a winner. “Better results are always achieved through negotiations than threats. The minister of aviation is a labour-friendly minister. He has done all that is humanly possible to enhance well-being of staff in the ministry and its agencies. “ Issues of training, promotions, and remunerations have been given utmost attention in the aviation sector since the inception of this administration, “ the director pointed out. According to Odaudu, the door to the Minister’s Office remains open to the unions for regular and constant consultations as the industry cannot be without the people that drive it. Also speak with NAN, Mr Hector Nnadi, the Chairman, Joints Consultative and Negotiation Council (JCNC), thanked the minister for his leadership skills and goodwill to drive the ministry. He commended the ministry and minister for their numerous interventions in the review of the workers conditions of service. Nnadi said they could not have gone beyond their mandate, however, added that they ought not to allow things to get out of hand before taking actions. According to him, consensus is a better way in view of the peculiarity of the aviation sector. “We should develop preemptive capabilities which will enable the system to run seamlessly. We know when these conditions of service are due for review, why then do we have to allow the unions to threaten before actions before they are activated? “ We believe that the desired results will be realised at the end. So, it’s a win for the aviation workers, “ he said. The chair urged top management team in the ministry to deepen efforts in complementing the minister`s efforts to sustain industrial harmony, pointing out that he could not do it all alone. (NAN) By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja -  The Minister of State, Aviation, Sen. Hadi Sirika, says the Federal Government will engage aviation stakeholders and general public to address some issues on the recent suspension of the national carrier project. Sirika disclosed this in a statement by Mr James Odaudu, Deputy Director, Press… In "News" The Federal Government has lifted the ban it placed on Emirates Airline from flying into Nigeria without conditions. The Minister of Aviation , Sen. Hadi Sirika, disclosed this on Saturday in Abuja in a statement by Mr James Odaudu, Director Public Affairs in the Ministry of Aviation. The News Agency… In "News" By Francisca Ogar Abuja - Minister of State, Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika has approved  the massive clearance of promotion backlogs in the aviation agencies. This is part of efforts to reposition aviation agencies with the belief that a well-motivated workforce would result in improved service delivery and optimum productivity. Sirika disclosed this… In "News"