By CHIBUIKE NWABUKO Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The entire people of Uvuru Ikedinairi in Aboh Mbaise LGA, Imo State, have hailed Fidelity Bank PLC for the appointment of one of their sons, Sir Stanley Chiedozie Amuchie as Executive Director, Chief Operations and Information Officer of the bank. The Community in a statement signed by the President-General, Uvuru Community Development Union (UCDU), Mr. Chimaroke Ben Nnaji and Secretary-General, Prince Alexander Elugwaraonu, described Amuchie as anastute banker with impeccable record spanning decades. While extolling the sterling qualities of Amuchie, the Community said: “Sir Stanley Amuchie has great endowments and abilities; a first class graduate, an erudite scholar, undisputable professional, a devout Christian, a philanthropist per excellence, a community development and service oriented personality, a man who sees possibilities in perceived impossible situations, a builder of people and a great patriot.” The Uvuru Community, which stated that the appointment is well deserved, noted that Amuchie’s inclusion into the management of Fidelity Bank would in no small measure impact positively on the fortune of the bank. The community therefore prayed the good Lord to use him as always in taking to greater heights Fidelity Bank in particular and entire banking sector in general. Traditional rulers and religious leaders in Uvuru community came together on Saturday to pray for Sir Stanley Amuchie, general manager, Zenith Bank Plc and governorship aspirant in Imo State. The event, organised by the Sir Stanley Support Group (3SG), was held at Central School, Uvuru, Mbaise. In "Photo News" UVURU, Imo State - Traditional rulers and religious leaders in Uvuru community in the Aboh Mbaise Local Government Area of Imo State will on Saturday, September 8, converge for a prayer and blessing session for Sir Stanley Amuchie, a general manager, Zenith Bank Plc. Sir Stanley, a frontline governorship aspirant… In "News" On December 26 every year we come together as a people of Uvuru Ikedinairi to bask in the warmt and conviviality of Christmas and celebrate the uniqueness of being Uvuru sons and daughters. This tradition has endured over the years such that not even the creation of more autonomous communities… In "Opinion"