A frontline human rights activist, Idris Usman, has announced his resignation as the Executive Director of Sustainable Initiative for Nurturing Growth (SING), Nigeria.SING Nigeria is a non-governmental organisation based in the nation’s capital that works in thematic areas of good governance, human capital development and climate justice.Usman said in a statement issued on Monday that his resignation was necessitated by his new found interest and engagement which he said might clash with his position in the organisation. He served as the Executive Director of the organisation for four years.“I am constrained to announce that I will be stepping aside from my duties as Executive Director/CEO of SING Nigeria, to enable me focus on other interests and engagements.“In doing this, I am not in any way shrinking back from my enormous responsibilities to SING and its many stakeholders, but this step is needed to avoid a clash of interests between SING and my other engagements. “I take this step knowing that the team will continue to pursue our set objectives and expand SING’s impact across its thematic areas and beyond,” the statement quoted Usman as saying.The mediapreneur who is the founder of FOA News, also said that he was fully committed to building a better society in line with the ideals of SING Nigeria.“It is within this framework that I take this much needed step.“I excuse myself from the levers of control and decision making of the organisation, without any doubt in the capacity of the team to exceed expectations and sustain the tempo of integrity with which they have worked with me over the years. “I thank the team for their loyalty, hard work and resourcefulness and am confident they will continue on this track going forward.“I wish the team all the very best and will continue to cheer them from the sidelines, even though I will no longer be involved in the day-to-day operations of the organisation.“In the coming days, the board will announce an acting Executive Director, as well as the length for which the person is to act,” the statement also quoted Usman as saying. The Board of Directors, The Sun Publishing Limited, has approved the appointment of Mr Onuoha Ukeh as new Managing Director. UKEH, currently the Editor, Daily Sun, takes over from Mr Eric Osagie, whose letter of resignation coincided with the expiration of his four year tenure as Managing Director/Editor-in-chief, and nine… In "News" Abuja - The Federal Government on Tuesday appointed Ms Hadiza Usman as Managing Director of Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA). The information is contained in a statement signed by the Director of Press, Federal Ministry of Transportation, Yetunde Sonaike in Abuja. Sonaike stated that others appointed were Mohammed Bello-Koko as Executive… In "News" By James Ume Constructive criticisms are sometimes necessary for the smooth running of organisations. They help to keep the executives on their toes and call their attention to mistakes as they occur. Criticisms can also become pernicious and debilitating when they are made in bad faith. They are worse when… In "Opinion"