Twenty abducted persons in Niger State have regained their freedom after the police in Niger State raided a bandits’ hideout at Anaba hilltop, Magama Local Government Area of the state. The Police Public Relations Officer, Niger State Command, Dsp Wasiu A. Abiodun disclosed this in a statement on Sunday. Dsp Abiodun explained that at about 16:30 pm on Saturday, February 12, the armed bandits attacked some villages around Nasko, Magama LGA and rustled a large number of cattle. But after a fierce gun battle with military personnel, several of the bandits were killed and the cattle were recovered. “Tactical teams of the Command sent for reinforcement to the area and military personnel with the vigilante engaged the bandits in a fierce gun battle along Ibeto cattle route which lasted for about two hours while the hoodlums were trying to escape with the cattle. “Consequently, scores of bandits were neutralised and the rustled cattle were recovered while about 20 abducted victims regained their freedom,” the statement read in part. Other items recovered at the scene included: one AK-47 magazine with 30 rounds of live ammunition, seven handsets, one Honda motorcycle. The Commissioner of Police, Niger State Command CP Monday Bala Kuryas, reiterated the commitment of the Command to rid the state of banditry activities and other crime. He also called for the cooperation and support of Niger residents towards ensuring a crime-free society. By Mohammed Tijjani KADUNA - Troops have foiled a kidnap attempt in Igabi Local Government Area of Kaduna State, killing one of the bandits on Friday.The Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Mr Samuel Aruwan said in a statement issued on Friday in Kaduna. Aruwan said, “Troops and police… In "Security" President Muhammadu Buhari has ordered a military crackdown on bandits terrorising communities in Niger State, his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity Garba Shehu said in a statement yesterday. Shehu said the directive to launch a major military campaign in the Northcentral state was handed over to the Defence… In "News" •Military troops MINNA - The deployment of over 1,000 security agents to Allawa forests by the Niger state government on the search and rescue operation for the 136 school children abducted from an Islamic school in Tegina, in Rafi Local government area of the state is beginning to yield result… In "Top Stories"