Nigerian actor, Obinna Nwafor aka Saint Obi has engaged his estranged wife, Linda Amobi in a messy custody battle over their children.  Obi had recently approached a court asking for divorce, according to a 2021 court document. Saint Obi had initiated the divorce suit with his wife, Linda, who sabotaged the process by failing repeatedly to appear in court each time the case is called up, causing the Judge, Justice Omotayo O. Majekodunmi, to issue a bench warrant for her arrest. In the lawsuit filed by the actor’s lawyers in Suit No: HCT/128/2019, the actor is alleging an attempt on his life by his estranged wife and her brothers, Michael Amobi and Chukwumobi Amobi. The Nollywood actor had dragged his wife to the High Court of Ota, Ogun State for the dissolution of their marriage, which was contracted in 2006. Obi also alleged that his estranged wife ‘imprisoned’ their three children with the help of men of the Police Force, preventing him from seeing his children. Sources who do not want to be named, confirmed, Ms. Amobi has allegedly “imprisoned” the children of the problematic marriage by hiring Mobile Police officers to protect them without the father’s permission, therefore preventing her ex-husband access to their children. Meanwhile, Saint Obi, who left the movie industry years ago to pursue a different career, is no stranger to divorce controversies, as the actor’s first marriage to the daughter of a Lagos pastor ended in divorce years ago (before the social media era), with the divorce process making headlines across the country, may be in for another round of controversy.  source Nollywood actor, Emeka Ike, has claimed that there have been several attempts to kill him since he broke up with his estranged wife. The veteran actor told Punch that when the time was ripe, he would set the record straight concerning his divorce which was finalised earlier this year. He… In "Entertainment" Chioma Nwadike, a young Nigerian lady has come ou to dismiss the reports attributing her to be the new wife of Lamidi Adeyemi, Alaafin of Oyo. The monarch had recently set tongues wagging on social media after he stepped out with Chioma Adeyemi, his new wife, for the installation of… In "News" It was reported that IK's estranged wife, Sonia, has officially announced the calling off of her marriage to the actor.  Sonia Ifedayo Lucian Olarinde, popularly known as Daddy Freeze, has expressed sadness over the divorce of Nollywood actor, Ik Ogbonna, with estranged wife, Sonia.  It was reported that IK’s estranged wife,… In "Entertainment"