Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq-led seven-man committee for Saturday’s All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship primary in Osun State has promised free, fair and credible exercise. AbdulRazaq gave the assurance at a stakeholders’ meeting on Friday in Osogbo. The three aspirants for the primary, Gov. Gboyega Oyetola, former Secretary to the State Government, Alhaji Moshood Adeoti, and Mr Lasun Yusuf, former Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives attended the meeting. Abdulrazaq, 2nd left and other APC governorship primary committeeAbdulrazaq, 2nd left and other APC governorship primary committeeOyetola speaks at the meetingOyetola speaks at the meetingAbdulRazaq said the committee will be fair to all aspirants and also ensure a peaceful exercise. “We don’t want violence in Osun State. Let’s have a peaceful exercise on Saturday and continue the progress we have made,’’ he said. Secretary of the Committee, Sen. Julius Ucha, urged the aspirants as well as their supporters to ensure peace, love and unity during the exercise. While reading the primary election guidelines to the aspirants, Ucha said open secret ballot system would be used for the primary. Ucha said the committee would conduct accreditation and voting at recognised wards, adding that accreditation would hold between 8 a.m. and noon, while voting would end by 2 p.m. In his submission, APC Chairman in the state, Mr Gboyega Famodun, said the primary would take place in the 332 wards in all the 30 Local Government Areas in the state. Famodun said everything needed to make the exercise hitch-free had been provided. Also, Gov. Oyetola, who described the primary as a family affair, urged other aspirants not to regard the exercise as a do-or-die affair. He said with calibre of the committee members, the exercise would be free, fair and credible. Another aspirant, Adeoti, appealed to the committee to provide the contestants the primary election guideline and the party’s register. Members of the committee are Sen. Ibrahim Oloriegbe, Mr Abdulkarim Abdulrahman, Mr Wale Raji, Mrs Yetunde Imolehin and Mr Ofonmbuk Okon-Bassey. By Victor Adeoti   Osogbo   -     Alhaji Moshood Adeoti, the Secretary to Osun State Government (SSG), has announced his withdrawal from the primaries of All Progressives Congress (APC) scheduled for Friday at the party’s headquarters in Osogbo. Adeoti, in a letter addressed to the Chairman of APC Primaries Committee, Gov.… In "Politics" LAGOS (Sundiata Post) - The leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the South-west on Friday met with the party’s governorship aspirants in Ekiti State to assure them of their commitment and readiness to collaborate with the party’s National Working Committee (NWC) in organising a free, fair and transparent… In "Politics" By Emmanuel Mogbede   Abuja   -     The All Progressives Congress (APC) primary to elect its candidate for the forthcoming Osun governorship election has been postponed from Thursday July 19, till Friday July 20. The party announced the postponement in a statement issued by Malam Bolaji Abdullahi, its National Publicity Secretary… In "Politics"