Abuja – The former Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II, on Monday, said Nigeria “is living on extra time,” declaring that the country would be facing deeper challenges from 2023. Sanusi warned presidential aspirants to be prepared for the numerous challenges confronting the country. Sanusi who is the former Governor of Central Bank of Nigeria and leader of the Khalifa of Tijaniyya sect in Nigeria,spoke in Abeokuta, Ogun State, at a reception for him (Sanusi) as part of activities marking the 80th birthday of Babanla Adinni of Egbaland, Chief Tayo Sowunmi. Sanusi said, “To be honest, we are living on extra time. In 2015, we were in a deep hole. In 2023, we will be in an even much deeper hole than in 2015. “Those struggling to be President, I hope they understand that the problems that they are going to face are multiples of the problems that were faced in 2015. All of us have to be ready for difficult decisions and if they are taken, we are all going to pay for them. “But the solution is not for all of us to jump into politics. This country needs good politicians. It needs imams, pastors and bishops who are going to stand up and remind them (politicians) of the fear of God. It needs technocrats who are going to critique their policies. It needs traditional rulers who are going to speak as the conscience of the people. Everyone has a role to play and we should try to play that role to the best of our ability.” Sanusi, however, denied eyeing the presidency seat in 2023, saying he’s content being the spiritual leader of the Tijaniyyah. He noted that he had served in various capacities both in past and present “and I will forever be grateful to Allah.”(Punch) Going by every measure, For the good of the nation-Essays and Perspectives, a compilation of writings of the former Governor, Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), and 14th Fulani Emir of Kano, Muhammad Sanusi II, is a rare book of our time. It was in the works for about a decade… In "Features" A former Senate Leader, who is the Chairman, Senate Committee on Army in the 9th National Assembly, Senator Ali Ndume, has frowned at the idea that federal lawmakers and other highly placed public officers were earning luxury wages to the detriment of Nigerian masses. Punch reported that the lawmaker said… In "Politics" Former Emir of Kano, Sanusi Lamido Sanusi has revealed why he is against states collecting Value Added Tax. His position comes amid deepening differences between the Northern and Southern governors over the 2023 presidency and Value Added Tax. Sanusi speaking on Arise Tv on Friday, the former Emir said the… In "News"