…Commends Buhari for heeding the call of CSOs, Nigerians and NASS for giving us an improved law By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Vice Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party and former governor of Anambra state, Dr Peter Obi has hailed the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for the speedy release of the timetable for the 2023 general election. This is also as he has hailed President Muhammadu Buhari for heeding the call of Civil Society Organisations (CSOs), Nigerians and the National Assembly for giving us an improved law. Obi who disclosed this via his twitter handle tweeted: “Today’s release of the timetable for the 2023 general elections by @inecnigeria underscores the importance of the Electoral Act in the conduct of elections.” “Congratulations, INEC, for the speedy release of the timetable; kudos to the President for heeding the call of CSOs and Nigerians and NASS for giving us an improved law, warts and all.” Sundiata Post recalls that President Muhammadu Buhari yesterday assented to the amended electoral bill into law after it was transmitted to him on the 31st of January, 2022 for assent BY TUNDE AJALA Abuja -. Continued delay in the assent to the Electoral Act (2010) amendment bill may affect the adoption of the new amendments for the 2023 general elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission has said. The commission said though it operates based on existing legal regime, it was… In "Top Stories" The timetable for the 2023 General elections won't be released until the Electoral Act amendment bill is signed into law, The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has disclosed. This was disclosed by the commission's chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, at the first quarterly meeting with political parties for 2022. Mahmood said… In "Politics" CIVIL Society Organisations, CSOs, Monday hailed the National Assembly over re-transmission of the Electoral Act Amendment Bill to President Muhammadu Buhari. Speaking with Vanguard, the Executive Director, Yiaga Africa, Samson Itodo, on behalf of the CSOs described the action of NASS as welcome development, and said members of NASS deserve… In "News"