The police on Monday, arraigned a teenager, Musa Adamu, before an Ado-Ekiti Chief Magistrates’ Court over alleged wilful damage and stealing.  The defendant, 18, of no fixed address is standing trial on a two-count charge of wilful damage and stealing. The police prosecutor, Insp Olasunkanmi Bamikole told the court that the defendant committed the offence on Feb.13 at about 10:00 a.m. in Ado-Ekiti.Bamikole alleged that the defendant wilfully damaged 15 length of rubber pipes installation, property of Ekiti State Government.The prosecutor also alleged that the defendant stole 15 lengths of rubber pipes, property of Ekiti State Government.He noted that the offences contravened Sections 451 and 390(9) of the Criminal Code, Laws of Ekiti State, 2012. The prosecutor asked the court for an adjournment to enable him to study the case file and present his witnesses. The defendant pleaded not guilty to the charges.Counsel to the defendant, Mr Tunmise Akinwumi, urged the court to grant his client bail, with a promise that he would not jump bail. The Chief Magistrate, Mr Michael Faola, granted bail to the defendant in the sum of N100,000 with one surety in like sum.He adjourned the case till March 15 for hearing.  (NAN) By Vivian Ibobo Lagos - An Ikeja Chief Magistrates’ Court on Friday ordered the remand of seven teenagers, including 14-year-old, who allegedly belonged to a secret cult and illegally displayed dangerous weapons in public. The suspects were also charged with stealing phones. They are Ismail Ayantola, 18; Olayemi Quam, 19;… In "News" Funmilayo Okunade Ado-Ekiti - The police, on Monday, arraigned an 18-year-old man, Abdulkareem Saibu, before an Ado-Ekiti Magistrates’ Court over alleged house breaking and stealing. The defendant, of no fixed address, is standing trial on a two-count charge of house breaking and stealing, to which he pleaded not guilty. The… In "News" Ado-Ekiti -Two men, Ojo Omoniyi, 32, and Okeowo Seyi, 36, were on Tuesday arraigned before an Ado-Ekiti Magistrates’ Court over alleged burglary and stealing.The defendants, whose addresses were unknown are facing a two-count charge of burglary and stealing.The prosecutor, Sgt. Aina Ayodeji, told the court that the defendants committed the… In "Metro"