President Muhammadu Buhari, on Friday in Brussels, Belgium, welcomed the designation of Nigeria as one of the six countries in Africa designated as manufacturing bases for the COVID-19 vaccine. In a statement by his media aide, Garba Shehu, in Abuja, Buhari also called for collaboration to address the effects of the pandemic. Mr Shehu said Buhari spoke at the ROUNDTABLE ON HEALTH SYSTEMS AND VACCINE PRODUCTION at the ongoing 6th Europe-Africa Summit. adad The president said: “I am delighted to receive the news of the selection of Nigeria among recipients of MRNA Vaccine technology transfer. ”We shall ensure the best use is made of the opportunity. Nigeria also offers to host the Bio-manufacturing Training hub proposed by World Health Organization (WHO). ”We commit to providing support to make the hub functional in the shortest possible time. READ ALSO: Nigerian Air Force’s Super Tucano eliminates another ISWAP commander Mallam Ari, others at Kirta Wulgo”Accordingly, we are prioritising the manufacture of vaccines on the African continent and in the sharing and transfer of technology and intellectual property rights. ”We call on the EU to support the WTO towards the conclusion of negotiations on intellectual property rights’ waiver to ensure that the manufacturing of vaccines can start early in Africa.” While commending the efforts of the foreign partners in making the COVID-19 vaccine available, he urged them to do more as less than 10 per cent of the African population had gotten the jab. He stressed that this situation could negatively affect Africa’s developmental projections. “We commend the efforts and support of Team Europe for the substantial contribution to the COVAX facility and the EU contribution for Vaccination rollout campaign in Africa. ”But currently, less than 10 per cent of Africa’s population has been vaccinated, compared to more than 60 per cent total vaccinations in the EU, as at the end of 2021. ”When eventually, Africa received about 700 million doses of vaccines before the end of 2021 under the COVAX Facility, it represented a considerable shortfall for a population of 1.383 billion. “Nigeria strongly believes that these low figures could not only cause a future health crisis, but could negatively impact economic growth and our ability to achieve the African Union Agenda 2063,” the president said. The Nigerian leader called for a closer collaboration with the EU to tackle the effects of the pandemic on the African continent. ”To mitigate future devastating health pandemics, there is an urgent need for increased funding for healthcare systems in Africa and increased local manufacturing of materials and equipment along the whole value chain. ”This can happen only with the cooperation that would close the gaps in the health systems on our continent.” He urged the European partners to focus more on investments targeted at improving the African health systems and production of vaccines. According to him, existing AU frameworks like the New Partnership for African Development and national comparative advantages of some African countries are there to form the basis for such investments. One thing is constant in the human ecosystem – class struggle. According to Karl Marx: "The history of all hitherto existing societies is the history of class struggles.’’ There is perhaps, no other country where the fault lines of class are well accented like in Nigeria -- where the rich… In "Opinion" ACCRA - The European Commission has named Ghana as one of its possible manufacturing hubs of COVID-19 vaccines in Africa.A statement signed on Friday by Mr. Eugene Arhin, Acting Director of Communications at the Office of the President, said the announcement was made during a two-day working visit by President… In "Top Stories" Covid-19 vaccine makers BioNTech and Pfizer on Wednesday said they had found a South African partner to produce their jab on the African continent for the first time. The move comes amid growing criticism of vaccine inequality that has seen poor countries fall behind richer ones in the race to… In "News"