ABUJA – The Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority has addressed the reports of adulterated petrol in circulation. According to NMDPRA, some filling stations were supplied petrol which contained high levels of methanol (an additive for producing petrol) in excessive quantity, above the standard specifications. “The Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority (The Authority) wishes to inform the general public that limited quantity of Premium Motor Spirit (PMS) commonly known as petrol with methanol quantities above nigeria’s specification was discovered in the supply chain, Methanol is a regular additive in petrol and usually blended in an acceptable quantity.” partly read the statement issued on February 8. This is coming after Nigerians accused major oil marketers of selling adulterated fuel to unsuspecting buyers for financial gains. To preempt further distribution of the adulterated fuel, NMDPRA said it had identified the supplier and removed affected products from the market. “To ensure vehicle and equipment safety the limited quantity of the impacted products has been isolated and withdrawn from the market including the loaded trucks in transit. “Our technical team in conjunction with NNPC Ltd and other industry stakeholders will continue to monitor and ensure quality petroleum products adequately supplied and distributed nationwide. “The source supplier has been identified and further commercial and appropriate actions shall be taken by the Authority and NNPC Ltd.,” the agency said. NMDPRA assured citizens that it was intensifying efforts to furnish retail outlets with sufficient fuel to meet distribution demands. “NNPC Ltd and all Oil Marketing Companies have been directed to sustain sufficient distribution of Petrol in all retail outlets nationwide. “Meanwhile, NNPC has intensified efforts at increasing the supply of Petrol into the market in order to bridge any unforeseen supply gap,” NMDPRA added. • ABUJA (Press Release) - The Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority (The Authority) wishes to inform the general public that - limited quantity of Premium Motor Spirit (PMS), commonly known as Petrol, with methanol quantities above Nigeria’s specification was discovered in the supply chain.Methanol is a regular additive… In "News" The Federal Government is proposing the addition of the costs of managing the national strategic stocks of petroleum products to the retail price of the commodities. The proposal, which is included in the 2020 Petroleum Industry Bill, PIB, currently before the National Assembly, might lead to a hike in the… In "Business" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - jThe Senate has received a formal request from President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm five nominees as Executive Directors of the Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority (NMDPRA).  The confirmation request was contained in a letter dated 31st January, 2022, and read by… In "Top Stories"