Antonio Conte has promoted Tottenham defender Tobi Omole to first-team training ahead of Saturday’s Premier League fixture at Manchester City, according to All Nigeria Soccer. Spurs travel to the Etihad Stadium on a spell of poor form which has seen them fall to three straight defeats in the Premier League. Conte’s men have been the cause of their own downfall recently, with defenders Davinson Sanchez and Ben Davies largely struggling on the back end in defeats to Southampton and Wolves. But All Nigeria Soccer reports Conte has looked to add depth to his defensive options ahead of a daunting trip to league leaders City by bumping Omole up to train with the first team. The report claims the 22-year-old could be named in the travelling Spurs squad, which in turn could prove to be a boost regarding his future in North London. Omole sees his contract at Spurs expire at the end of the season and All Nigeria Soccer also report that Spurs have offered him fresh terms, which he has yet to agree to. He has yet to make his senior debut for the club but has been named on the bench on three occasions this term (Transfermarkt). Spurs Web Opinion It is unlikely that Omole will feature against City this weekend, but he could make the match-day squad providing he travels with the team. Training with the first team should be a good experience for him nonetheless, as he is approaching an age where he needs to be playing with a higher calibre of players. By Victor Okoye Abuja  -  Chelsea manager Antonio Conte on Saturday underlined the impact of the absence of injured Super Eagles forward Victor Moses on the club’s title aspirations. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Chelsea’s lead at the top of the English Premier League was cut to… In "Sports" London -  Tottenham Hotspur manager Mauricio Pochettino insists that his team will gain no advantage by playing Saturday’s English FA Cup semi-final match against Manchester United at their temporary Wembley Stadium home. Spurs have turned Wembley into a fortress, suffering just two English Premier League defeats there all season, and… In "Sports" For all the upheaval at Manchester United Squad - Goal.com in recent times, they have spent more than €257 million on new signings since they ran away with the Premier League title in 2012. Louis van Gaal is experiencing a few teething problems at the start of the new campaign… In "Sports"