There is confusion in the ruling All Progressives Congress in the Federal Capital Territory as two candidates claim the chairmanship ticket of the party in the Abuja Municipal Area Council. Two candidates, Sulaimon Gwagwa and Muritala Karshi have been campaigning at the different parts of FCT. The two candidates had on many occasions claimed to be the candidate of the party. According to reports, Gwagwa won the primary election with 109 votes while his closest challenger, Karshi scored 103 votes. It was gathered that Karshi challenged the matter in court and won. Gwagwa appealed at the Appeal Court, the court ruled in his favour. Karshi, however, approached the Supreme Court. However, checks by our correspondent revealed that Karshi’s name was on the Independent National Electoral Commission list. Speaking with our correspondent, the chairman of the APC in FCT, Abdulmalik Usman, said there was little the party could do as the matter was at the Supreme Court. He added that the party gave them the nod to go about their campaigns. “But what we are doing as a party is to allow the two of them to campaign. It is the logo of the party that appears on the ballot paper and not the candidates’ names. Whoever gets the ticket in court would be our candidate for the election.” When asked if the situation would not affect the chances of the party at the poll, he said, “It would not. The PDP candidate cannot withstand any of the two candidates. Besides, we are on the ground in the area council. “Also, none of them has asked their supporters not to vote for APC. This is not happening for the first time. In 2007, we had two National Assembly candidates, the APC won and one of them got the mandate. “No one should worry about what is happening. The two should carry on with their campaigns and work for the victory of the party in the area council.” ABUJA - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) said Saturday’s council elections in the Federal Capital Territory did not hold in two polling units due to card reader failure. National Commissioner in the commission, Prof. Anthonia Simbine, made this known in Abuja on Saturday while briefing newsmen on the election.… In "News" Fear has gripped political office holders and party chieftains in Kano, Sokoto, Benue and Plateau states, following Tuesday’s judgement of the Supreme Court, which sacked Hon. Emeka Ihedioha as governor of Imo State and declared the candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the March 9, 2019 governorship election,… In "News" •Adams Oshiomhole ABUJA - The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole, has rejected the judgement of the Supreme Court on the Bayelsa State governorship election. He faulted the judgement while addressing a press conference on Thursday in Abuja, shortly after the apex court sacked the candidate… In "Politics"