The Nigerian Christian Pilgrims Commission (NCPC) plans to take 10,000 pilgrims to Israel and Jordan in 2022. Addressing staff members of the commission when he visited the North Central Zonal Office in Gwagwalada, FCT, its Executive Secretary, Rev. Yakubu Pam, said the plan was an improvement over the pilgrimage of 2021. He said NCPC’s zonal officers had more work to do in 2022, especially in mobilising intending pilgrims in order to meet the target set by the commission. Pam assured that the commission had made adequate arrangements to cater for its targeted 10,000 intending pilgrims. “You must ensure that all hands are on deck so that the commission will be able to realise its 10,000 target for intending pilgrims this year,’’ he said. Pam also commended staff members of the zonal office on their dedication to duty. Earlier, the Coordinator, Mr Nicholas Kiva, advised the commission to change its mobilisation strategy by getting the Church involved in promoting Christian pilgrimage. He commended Pam for being the first NCPC’s Executive Secretary to visit the zonal office since it was relocated from Makurdi to Gwagwalada in 2019. Kiva applauded the NCPC boss for the success of the recently-concluded “State of Readiness’’ visit to Israel and Jordan ahead of the 2022 pilgrimage. By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja -  The Nigeria Christian Pilgrim Commission (NCPC), has designated four International Airports for the airlift of intending pilgrims to the Holy Lands of Israel, Rome and Greece for the 2016 main pilgrimage. The Executive Secretary of the Commission, Rev. Tor Uja, disclosed this in a statement… In "News" Nasarawa State Christian Pilgrims Welfare Board (NCPWB) has organised a one-day orientation exercise for 257 intending pilgrims from the state to Kingdom of Jordan. Mr David Ayewa, Executive Secretary, NCPWB, told newsmen after the orientation exercise held in Lafia on Friday that it was an essential exercise aimed at sensitising… In "News" The Nigerian Christian Pilgrim Commission (NCPC) has denied appointing Nollywood actress, Tonto Dikeh, as its peace ambassador. Recall that the movie star broke the news of her appointment in an Instagram post on Friday and shared a picture of herself alongside Yakubu Pam, the executive secretary of the NCPC, during… In "News"