By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate has passed a bill seeking to establish the Nigerian Maritime Security Trust Fund. The passage of the bill followed the consideration of a report by the  Conference Committee on the Nigerian Maritime Security Trust Fund (Establishment) Bill, 2022. Chairman of the Conference Committee, Senator Danjuma Goje (APC, Gombe Central), in his presentation, recalled that the bill was passed in the House of Representatives on Tuesday, 28th September, 2021. According to the lawmaker, the Senate concurred to the passage of the bill after it was transmitted to the upper chamber on Wednesday, 1st December, 2021, with some slight modifications. He explained that the area of difference noticed in the two versions of the bill by both chambers, necessitated the constitution of a Conference Committee by the Senate on Tuesday 18th January, 2022, for the purpose of harmonisation. “The mandate of the Conference Committee, therefore, was to harmonise the area of difference in the two versions of the bill, as passed and make appropriate recommendations for adoption”, Goje said. He added that the Conference Committee met on Tuesday 1st February, 2022 to deliberate on the area of difference. He stated that in the course of the deliberations, it was observed that the only area of difference in the two versions of the Bill, as passed by both Chambers, existed in Clause 14 of the Bill, which deals with the appointment of the Executive Secretary and other staff of the Trust Fund. Whilst the House of Representatives version of the Bill provides in Clause 14 (1) that the appointment of the Executive Secretary of the Trust Fund shall be made by Mr. President on the recommendation of the Minister, the Senate version provides that such appointment should be made without recourse to the recommendation of the Minister charged with the responsibility of Defence. He disclosed that after extensive deliberations on this area of difference, the Conference Committee adopted the Senate version. The Conference Committee report was, thereafter, adopted by the chamber during plenary, and the bill to establish the Nigerian Maritime Security Trust Fund passed after consideration by the Committee of the Whole. Meanwhile,  the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, on Wednesday, referred President Muhammadu Buhari’s request for the confirmation of Olugbenga Adeyanju as Commissioner at the Independent Corrupt Practices and other related Offences Commission. The President’ s request was referred to the  Committee on Anti-Corruption and Financial Crimes. The nominee is expected to appear before the Committee for screening. The Committee was given two weeks to screen the nominee and put together a report to be presented before the chamber in plenary. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate, on Tuesday, passed the Nigerian College of Aviation Technology (Amendment) Bill, 2022. The passage of the bill followed the consideration of a report by the Committee on Aviation.  Chairman of the Committee, Senator Smart Adeyemi (APC, Kogi West), in his presentation,… In "Top Stories" ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari has rejected 17 bills passed by the 8th National Assembly. Buhari, however, gave assent to  nine other  bills passed by the last Senate. The Senior Special Assistant to  President  (Senate), Sen. Ita Enang, disclosed this to journalists at a news conference on Wednesday, in Abuja.… In "Top Stories" There are strong indications that the National Assembly will ignore opposition to some provisions of the Petroleum Industry Bill recently passed by the Senate and the House of Representatives. The PUNCH on Wednesday gathered that after the harmonisation of the versions of the bill passed by the Senate and the… In "Politics"