ABUJA – The Academic Staff Union of Universities has faulted the promotion of Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Ali Pantami, as a professor. The union after its National Executive Council meeting declared the promotion as “illegal”. This was declared at a press conference addressed by the President of ASUU, Prof. Emmanuel Osodeke, on Monday. He said, “You cannot be a minister and a lecturer in a university. It is an encouragement of illegality. “Pantami has to quit as a minister and be tried for doing double jobs within the same federal system. He is not qualified. Pantami should not be treated as a professor.” In September 2021, Pantami, alongside seven academics were elevated by the council of the Federal University of Technology, Owerri to the position of professorship at the council’s 186th meeting. The minister’s elevation has generated controversy, with many faulting FUTO on the promotion of the minister, who was not teaching in the university and whose highest academic attainment was reportedly a lecturer before he ventured into politics. “We have resolved to sanction ASUU members involved in his promotion and the VC of FUTO,” he added. (PUNCH) The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has given the Federal Government a three-week ultimatum to meet its demands contained in the Memorandum of Action (MoA), signed by both parties on December 23, 2020. Failure to comply, it said, ASUU could resort to industrial action. The Union also set up… In "Education" The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has lauded the Federal Government’s approval of stipends for students of education in public tertiary institutions. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalled that the Federal Government had on Tuesday announced the payment of N75, 000 and N50, 000 stipends per semester for… In "Education" •Isa Ali Pantami It emerged late last week that Communications and Digital Economy Minister Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami (or his agents) possibly instructed Zamfara State governor Bello Muhammad Matawalle to place an advertorial in the Daily Trust to congratulate Pantami on his “promotion to the Rank of Full Professor of… In "Opinion"