UVURU, Mbaise, Imo State – (Sundiata Post) – The new President-General of Uvuru Community Development Union (UCDU), Aboh Mbaise Local Government Area of Imo State, Mr. Chimaroke Benedict Nnaji, has outlined four short-term projects his executive seeks to immediately handle in the community.In a special address he released on Wednesday, Nnaji named these projects as electricity, Uvuru Vigilante outfit, Show-of-force programme and Oke-Ovoro Secondary School. He announced the appointment of Sir Timothy Okechukwu Ahube as his technical adviser on projects and programme.Sir Timothy is a project engineer with the Nigeria Liquefied Natural Gas (NLNG). The full address reads: SPECIAL ADDRESS MADE TO THE GOOD PEOPLE OF UVURU ON THIS DAY, 2ND OF FEBRAURY, 2022, BY THE PRESIDENT GENERAL, UVURU COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT UNION Nde Uvuru nwem, ndewo nu and happy new month.A month ago, my Executives and I were elected into office and ever since then we have commenced work and have had four physical executive meetings, working visits to some Uvuru facilities and institutions; Oke Ovoro secondary school, Uvuru Basic Health Centre, Orie Uvuru market and Uvuru Civic Centre.While the official handover is being anticipated very soon, it is remarkable to note that we have assumed full responsibility on our mission to Re-Create Uvuru.PROGRAMS AND PROJECTSSequel to the commitment I made to you as contained in my acceptance speech and consequent upon the resolve of this Executive to handle Uvuru challenges systematically and strategically, I present to you our immediate/ short term programme and projects. POWER PROJECT: It is not news that there is no public power supply in Uvuru as this was very evident during the yuletide season and we have taken it up to ensure that Uvuru is connected to the line that currently has more and better power supply, and also to rectify the faults on the existing high tension lines in the whole of Uvuru in order to ensure that every part of Uvuru gets light once the new connection is made. The success of this project will certainly boost the quality of life in our town and compliment other developmental projects that we hope to confront. ACTIONS TAKEN SO FAR: The contractor that handled same project for Mbutu/Ngor Okpala connection was engaged to carry out the above works and quotations has been received and will be forwarded to the Project management and Procurement Directorate for action. Quotations from other contractors are being expected. Application for approval for the works will be sent to EEDC next week to commence the process of approval while the directorate opens discussion for the actualization of the project. PROVISION OF TOILET FACILITY AT ORIE UVURU MARKET. It is sad to note that Uvuru has no public toilet facilities and more heartbreaking even so in the market. Our visit to the market revealed amongst other problems open defecation at the market. This, to us is critical and termed emergency. Upon completion, this will provide convenience for the market community and general public. This project is expected to commence before the end of February, 2022 and completed within the shortest time. UVURU VIGILANTE OUTFIT: I want to thank Chief Nwabueze Njoku for bequeathing to us a good process with regards to Uvuru security project. The Security Council has been amazing in their advice and guidance and this Exco has passed a vote of confidence on the Security Advisory Committee led by Chief, Sir, CSP Linus Uche Nwaiwu, whose team has been very committed to the cause of this service. One formal physical meeting has been held with them and several interventions already made by them. REPORT: It is worthy to note that the service has recorded several achievements within this teething period. Among many are: Vandalisation of property and burglary was foiled in Ndigbo and culprits apprehended and handed over to the police. Some cultists were also caught in Umukohie and sent to the police. Some child traffickers were arrested at Ogbor and handed over to the police. PROGRAM- SHOW OF FORCE: This has been fixed on the 25th of February, 2022 where our security men in their full regalia and equipment will patrol every village in Uvuru with Stop-overs at the palaces of our Ezes and compounds of PGs of all the autonomous communities displaying their strength, capacity and capabilities.To this effect certain decisions and approval have been made to ensure success in this program. Contract has been awarded for the provision of full uniform and accoutrement for the service from the security trust fund account. UCDU to provide office equipment and facilities for the service. Autonomous communities to provide and donate five motorcycle and offensive tools to the service. Their letters have been sent and we appeal to everyone to support their PGs in ensuring they meet up with the deadline given to them. A commander has been employed in Acting capacity and on probation for three months. The first salaries of the men of the service have been signed and sent to the community bank for disbursement into their various accounts from the Security trust fund account. OKE-OVORO SECONDARY SCHOOL: The future of Uvuru is shaped either way by the kind of students produced by this institution. Our visit to this school and interaction with the principal left a sad taste in our mouth and it calls for an urgent need of intervention by Nde Uvuru. To this effect, the following have been identified amongst others as immediate/short term programs. Getting qualified and adequate teachers for every subject approved for the school and most importantly science and technical teachers. Provision of adequate security in the school; 2 men at day and 3 men at night. Remedial work to the school fence, Entrance gate and exit gate. Formation of a vibrant Alumni Association for the school. PRIMARY SCHOOLS IN UVURU – The formative years of a child is very key to the future of the child and so to feed Oke-Ovoro secondary with quality students, the primary schools in Uvuru must be attended to. It is sad to mention that some primary schools in Uvuru have less than five teachers to teach from primary one to six. Therefore, necessity is laid upon us to intervene; Employment of auxiliary teachers to compliment and augment government teachers in the school. Provision of basic teaching and learning tools for the schools. Introduction of academic competitions amongst the primary schools in Uvuru. Institution of scholarship scheme/awards for best students in our primary schools. Any other program or activity that will elicit interest for primary education amongst our children. EXTRA ORDINARY DECISION We are pleased to inform you that the Uvuru Security Council has been expanded to include our people in diaspora aimed at involving them in the management of the affairs of Uvuru. Chief, Dr Peter Akwuole and Chief Dr Charles Iwejuo are the appointees and both have since been added to the Uvuru Security Council Platform. DIRECTORATES/ SPECIAL WORK GROUPS: In line with my promise to have a robust and all-inclusive administration, the following Directorates will be inaugurated within a month for the purpose of actualizing the above programs and projects. PROJECT MANAGEMENT AND PROCUREMENT DIRECOTRATE OKE-OVORO SECONDARY SCHOOL MANAGEMENT DIRECTORATE PRIMARY SCHOOLS MANAGEMENT DIRECTORATE SUNDRY EVENTS: Some special events and meetings are slated for this month and we appeal and encourage our people outside the community to attend and our abroadians branch leaders and members to make plans to attend. Uvuru general meeting (12 home delegates from each community) on the 24th of February, 2022 at 10am, Uvuru Civic Centre Uvuru women general meeting (8 home delegates from each community) on the 24th of February, at 2pm at Uvuru Civic Centre. Setting Up of Uvuru Prayer team on the 23rd of February, 2022 Uvuru Vigilante Outfit- SHOW OF FORCE on the 25th of February, 2022. G.  SPECIAL APPOINTMENT: – SIR TIMOTHY OKECHUKWU AHUBE AS TECHNICAL ADVISER TO THE PRESIDENT GENERAL ON PROJECTS AND PROGRAMS This appointment/ office is very strategic and important to me, your President General and Sir Ahube will be bringing to the table strong personality, impeccable reputation, knowledge and intelligence, excellent resource management in Uvuru affairs. He will be heading the Project management and Procurement Directorate.BRIEF OF SIR TIMOTHY OKECHUKWU AHUBE:Sir Okey Ahube is an experienced Project Services Engineer at Nigeria LNG (NLNG) Limited responsible for project development/maturation/delivery project services for capital expenditure portfolios of Plant, Infrastructure and Community projects, for over 15 years within Nigeria and abroad. Sir Ahube holds an MBA in Construction Management & Real Estate (UK), a PGD in Project Management (UK) and a B.TECH in Quantity Surveying (Nigeria) and many other certifications.He is a Knight of the Anglican Church, happily married to Lady Nnenna Ahube (JP) with children, and the President General (PG), Ndigbo Uvuru Town Progressive Union. Finally, my beloved people, on behalf of the Executives of UCDU, I thank you all for the love and support you have expressed so far towards us and we encourage all to contribute towards the Re-creating Uvuru Project. We use this opportunity to sympathise with the families in Uvuru who lost their loved ones during this period and we pray the Lord to give them the fortitude to bear the loss and grant the dead eternal rest.We will not fail to rejoice with our people who are celebrating one victory report or the other. We are wishing them more victories and successes in their future endeavours. We pray for peace and progress in Uvuru, that our God Almighty will continue to manifest Himself strong in our mist. In Jesus name I pray, amen.Long live Uvuruikediniri!!! Signed:            Engr. Chimaroke Benedict Nnaji (CBN)President General, Uvuru Community Development Union. On December 26 every year we come together as a people of Uvuru Ikedinairi to bask in the warmt and conviviality of Christmas and celebrate the uniqueness of being Uvuru sons and daughters. This tradition has endured over the years such that not even the creation of more autonomous communities… In "Opinion" Traditional rulers and religious leaders in Uvuru community came together on Saturday to pray for Sir Stanley Amuchie, general manager, Zenith Bank Plc and governorship aspirant in Imo State. The event, organised by the Sir Stanley Support Group (3SG), was held at Central School, Uvuru, Mbaise. In "Photo News" UVURU, Imo State - Traditional rulers and religious leaders in Uvuru community in the Aboh Mbaise Local Government Area of Imo State will on Saturday, September 8, converge for a prayer and blessing session for Sir Stanley Amuchie, a general manager, Zenith Bank Plc. Sir Stanley, a frontline governorship aspirant… In "News" This is indeed mind blowing. I sincerely want to commend you for the actions you and your team has taken so far. I pray God strengthen s and provide for you to achieve even more as the journey continues. Bravo Good head start, show the PG has a clear view on how to achieve his ambitious layouts for Uvuru community. I wish him and the team all the best of luck. Kudos nro Weldone my President General (PG) Engr Chimaraoke Ben Nnaji (.CBN). I believe in your mission in taking Uvuru Ikediniri to a higher level. When the young and vibrant youths are given opportunity to lead, things turns around for good.