Nigerians have lamented following the resurfacing of long fuel queues at filling stations in Abuja and Lagos.  While the cause of the fuel scarcity is unknown, many Nigerians have been left stranded at bus stops while others lament hikes in transport fare. Some have taken to social media to express their frustration about the situation combined with the lack of constant electricity. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @NeoAkpofure: “This fuel scarcity in Lagos is causing a whole new panic wave.” @Taaooma: “Fuel scarcity, bastard traffic. Life shortening combo.” @Abrahamgreat: “To be experiencing fuel scarcity in one of the largest OPEC countries is one more proof that current Nigeria is not designed for the citizens but for a sect of men who lack empathy, vision and strategy to transform anything. There is HOPE. This country shall be BUILT.” @Austein: “Fuel scarcity+hike in transport fare.CMS ₦300 is now ₦400 cos of fuel scarcity. I’m tired of this country.” @Soyinka01: “Fuel scarcity looms in the nation due to dirty petrol recall by NNPC. This is a dirty joke! @Emmaikume: “I remember how BMC idiots were quick to insult and remind me and many others on social media, that Buhari and APC ended fuel scarcity in Nigeria. fuel scarcity is back in full force. I’m waiting to hear what will be their excuse this time around.” @DemolaRewaju: “Lagosians are too smart for our own good, everybody wanting to be sharper than the next person. This fuel scarcity is artificial as far as I’m concerned – filling stations deliberately restricting sales to few pumps and buyers purchasing excess for storage…no sense in this.” @Adeyemi: “Fuel scarcity is a crisis and in such a case, Light should be an option but never in this crazy country.” @Barcaprincipal: “Imagine saying we want to develop and we are still experiencing fuel scarcity? It actually seems we are retrogressing as a country.” @Toluspin: “Na Nigeria fuel scarcity go dey and electricity go suddenly scarce too. I’m sure biblical hell is jealous of this country.”  SOURCE Lagos - Travellers and other airport users are currently going through hard times following the increase in transport fares by shuttle operators at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that fares were hiked from N100 to N150 for all destinations within the airport… In "News" By Aledare Akinwale   Lokoja    -      Transport fares have gone up on most routes in Kogi following the scarcity of Premium Motor Spirit, (PMS) generally known as petrol. The pump price of the product has also increased and now goes for about N200 per liter in most… In "News" Osogbo  - Pump price of petrol has continued to increase in towns across the country as scarcity of the product persists on Wednesday, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. A survey by NAN in major cities across the country shows that long queues have characterised the few fuel stations… In "Business"