A military base located at Gamboru-Ngala in Borno State was overrun by members of the Islamic State of West Africa Province (ISWAP), on Sunday night, February 20.Leadership reports that the terrorists attacked the military base in Gamboru Central Primary School and dislodged personnel of the Nigerian Army (NA).  The terrorists reportedly burnt down the security facility in a reprisal attack following military onslaughts in the Lake Chad region.The devastating offensives of Nigerian troops led to the killing of many terrorist commanders and fighters in Lake Chad Basin (LCB) and Sambisa forest.Just last week, Nigerian Military airstrikes eliminated Amir Buba Danfulani and four other notorious ISWAP commanders in Tumbuns and Sambisa axis. Danfulani was a senior ISWAP Commander saddled with indoctrinating Fulanis and herdsmen in joining a terrorist group. He also coordinated activities of the terrorists ranging from the deployment of spies as well as tax collectors.It was gathered that the terrorists got upset, and targeted the military base. They were said to have fired explosives into Ngala town at the weekend which also resulted in the killing of one civilian while six persons were injured.The Nigerian Defence Headquarters is yet to comment on this development.  source Leader of Nigerian militant terrorist group, Boko Haram has been reportedly killed after a deadly clash between his men and those of the Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP) intelligence sources have confirmed to PRNigeria. The ISWAP, a splinter group of Boko Haram, who has grown in power and influence… In "News" Abuja - Coordinated aerial strikes from the Nigerian military have eliminated a notorious ISWAP commander, Abou Sufyan, and scores of his fighters along the fringes of Lake Chad in Borno State. PRNigeria gathered that the strikes from the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) component of the Operation Hadin Kai launched a… In "Top Stories" The Nigerian military has confirmed the killing of a notorious ISWAP commander, Abou Sufyan in Lake Chad. Sufyan and scores of other ISWAP fighters were killed following coordinated airstrike by the military along the fringes of Lake Chad in Borno state. PRNigeria gathered that the strikes from the Nigerian Air… In "News"