Chioma Ajunwa-Opara, Nigeria’s first female gold medallist at the 1996 Atlanta Olympics Chioma has stated that the Blessing Okagbare should not have engaged in doping and should have known better because she lives in the United States.  Ajunwa-Opara spoke with NAN on the heels of the 10-year ban handed to Okagbare by World Athletics for doping.The Athletics Integrity Unit had suspended the 2008 long jump silver medallist from the women’s 100m semi-finals at the Tokyo Olympics last year after testing positive for human growth hormone at an out-of-competition test in Slovakia on July 19.Ajunwa-Opara, who had suffered a similar fate, called on athletes to stop cutting corners, but rather face the reality of intense competition for world titles.“The ban will definitely affect her (Okagbare’s) career, maybe her career in athletics is over. I believe AFN (Athletics Federation of Nigeria) can give her the support she needs.“For Okagbare, who lives in the US, she should not be caught in this web, because it is believed that she has all the information she needed, and was more exposed.“Okagbare should have a better knowledge than those living in Nigeria; besides this, we have something to do here at home and not pass the whole blame,” she said.Ajunwa-Opara said since her own experience on doping, she had established a foundation that gives sensitisation on doping.She also called on World Athletics to fix the problem of doping once and for all by reverting to the system of paying all athletes, not just the top three.  Source Nigeria's Blessing Okagbare is about to have her career ended on a sad note as a result of alleged doping. However, the Athletics Federation of Nigeria (AFN) has expressed concern over reports that she might end up in jail for illegal drugs use. Okagbare, who has been charged with three… In "News" Henry Amike, an Olympian, on Saturday described the series of drama trailing Team Nigeria at the ongoing 2020 Tokyo Olympics Game, as a big disappointment. Amike said that Nigeria has never had it this bad since the county’s first appearance in 1952 Finland Games. Amike said this in an interview… In "Sports" The Athletics Federation of Nigeria (AFN) says it is in the process of obtaining the relevant details of the announcement of a doping violation by sprinter Blessing Okagbare. Tonobok Okowa, the federation’s President, in a statement Saturday in Tokyo said it was only after this that a full reaction would… In "Sports"