By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate on Tuesday passed the Civil Aviation Bill 2022, which seeks to repeal the Civil Aviation Act 2006. The passage of the bill followed the consideration of a report by the Committee on Aviation. Chairman of the Committee, Senator Smart Adeyemi, in his presentation, said the aim of the bill was to provide an effective legal and Institutional framework for the regulation of civil aviation in Nigeria to confirm with the standards and recommended practices set by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO). He added that the piece of legislation would, among others, establish rules of operation and divisions of responsibility within the Nigerian civil aviation system in order to promote aviation safety. According to him, it would “ensure that Nigerians obligations under International aviation agreements are implemented; and consolidate the laws relating to civil aviation in Nigeria.” He added that, “the bill when passed will be applicable to all persons holding licenses that have been issued or validated by the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA).” By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate on Wednesday passed the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency Bill 2022. The passage of the bill followed the consideration of a report by the Committee on Aviation.  Chairman of the Committee, Senator Smart Adeyemi (Kogi West), in his presentation, said the bill… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate, on Tuesday, passed the Nigerian College of Aviation Technology (Amendment) Bill, 2022. The passage of the bill followed the consideration of a report by the Committee on Aviation.  Chairman of the Committee, Senator Smart Adeyemi (APC, Kogi West), in his presentation,… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) - The six amendment Bills on Aviation brought by the executive to the National Assembly has been passed by the House of Representatives. The House Committee on Aviation led by Honourable Nnolim Nnaji began work on the Bills last year with well attended public hearing… In "Top Stories"