Actress Uche Ogbodo has spoken on alleged feud with colleague, Tonto Dikeh. According to The Nation, On January 20, Ogbodo via her Instagram page shared beautiful loved-up photos with her baby daddy, Bobby Maris alongside Dikeh’s ex-hubby, Churchill Olakunle, and his wife, Rosy Meurer. The photos stirred mixed reactions among social media users with many of the opinion that Ogbodo was at loggerheads with Tontolet, which explained why she’s getting along great with the Olakunles especially with the wife, Rosy. But the mother of two debunked feud claims between her colleague in an interview. In her explanation, she said Tonto Dikeh and her have never been friends at any point and are neither enemies too. So, it is faulty for people to criticise her for the beautiful relationship she has going with the Olakunle’s who she noted are her friends adding, she loves them and they love her in return. She said: “People are criticising me for hanging out with Churchill, why would they criticize me for hanging out with a great man like Churchill and Rosy, an amazing friend of mine. Rosy and Churchill are beautiful souls. “Why will people on earth criticise me for hanging out with them? “I love them, they are my friends and that’s all that matters. They equally love me. Because of that, people call me Tonto Dikeh’s enemy? Oh, really… I didn’t know. Really? They do call me that? “We are not enemies but we are not friends. We’ve never been friends. We have never had any friendship connection in the past. “Ever since I got into Nollywood, we’ve never been friends. We are just colleagues and to call me her enemy, I don’t think I’m her enemy and I’m sure she doesn’t think I’m her enemy. So, we are good.”      •Churchill , Rosy Meurer,Uche Ogbodo and Bobby Harris  Churchill Olakunle and his wife Rosy Meurer were pictured hanging out with Uche Ogbodo and her man Bobby Harris. The couple were filmed engaging in public display of affection (PDA) as they each posed with their partners. "Love is in the air," Uche… In "News" Controversial Nigerian crossdresser, Bobrisky has blasted Rosy Meurer after she released a video stating she was not responsible for the breakup between Churchill Olakunle and Tonto Dikeh. In two separate posts, Bobrisky told Rosy to shut up because ''no one needs an explanation from her.'' The cross dresser who is… In "Social Media Feeds" Nollywood actress, producer and modelling, Uche Ogbodo celebrates 35th birthday in style. The thespian took to her Instagram page @ Uche Ogbodo on Monday to celebrate the God’s faithfulness upon her life. She wrote,”The hour is finally here, celebrate with me because it is a new dawn, chapter and page… In "Entertainment"