Nollywood actress, Mercy Aigbe’s former husband, Lanre Gentry, has welcomed a baby girl with his new wife, Oluwabusayo.  The excited father made the announcement on his Instagram page on Sunday, where he shared a picture of his pregnant wife.In the caption, Gentry appreciated God for the “gift of marriage”, as he expressed his happiness over the good news.He wrote, “Thank you Lord for the gift of marriage. I’m very happy. It is a baby girl. Thank God.”Gentry got married to Oluwabusayo in September 2021 amid messy altercations with his former actress wife.The ace actress separated from her estranged husband in 2017 after she alleged that she suffered domestic violence in her marriage.Since their separation, the duo had frequently engaged in social media clashes.Aigbe and Gentry share a son, Olajuwon, which they had during their seven-year marriage.The ace actress has also moved on with her love life as she recently unveiled her marriage to a popular movie marketer, Kazim Adeoti.Following her revelation, social media users had raised concerns over the resemblance of the actress’ son and her new lover.Other fans had also called for a paternity test to be carried out to ascertain the fatherhood of the 11-year-old son.But Gentry, however, confirmed that Olajuwon was his son, adding that “nothing in this world” can separate him from his children.  Source Asiwaju Lanre Gentry, the ex husband Mercy Aigbe, has taken to social media to shade the Nollywood actress and her new man, Kazim Adeoti. The actress had shared a photo of herself with her boo,Kazim Adeoti, wishing him happy birthday in advance. Minutes after she shared the post, some of… In "News" The wife of movie marketer Kazim Adeoti has finally broken her silence after actress Mercy Aigbe showed the man off as her new man. Funsho Adeoti said all is well. Recall that Mercy had taken to Instagram to share a series of photos of herself and Kazim. She also insinuated… In "Entertainment" The estranged husband of popular actress, Mercy Aigbe, Lanre Gentry, claims that she has returned to his house. In an exclusive chat with Sunday Scoop, Gentry stated that all the issues between him and his wife had been sorted out. Recall that the couple fell out in 2017 after Mercy… In "News"