the Nigerian Afrobeat singer, is set to perform at the 2022 Hollywood Bowl in June. The ‘Sorry Sorry’ crooner disclosed this in an Instagram post on Tuesday. He shared a picture of the flier of the event. The Afrobeat singer also said he is excited to be performing at the event billed for June 25-26. “LA! I’m very happy to announce that my band and I are coming to the Bowl on the 26th of June 2022. Hope to see you there,” he wrote. The Hollywood Bowl is an amphitheatre in the Hollywood Hills neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. Since it’s inception in 1922, it has played hosts to musical legends and several music bands all over the world. Born Olufela Olufemi Anikulapo Kuti, Femi is the first child of Fela Kuti, the late Afrobeats pioneer. He began his music career by playing in his fathers band ‘Egypt 80’. In 1986, Femi started his own band ‘Positive Force’. Like his father, he is also an activist who uses his music to fight against bad governance in Nigeria. The 59-year-old singer has six Grammy nominations to his credit. He was recently nominated alongside Made Kuti, his son for the Best Global Music Album and the Best Global Music Performance for the 2022 Grammy Awards. Nigerian Afrobeat legend Femi Kuti has raised alarm over the disappearance of a member of his band who was supposed to play with him at a just concluded concert in the United States. According to the legendary artiste who made the development know via a post on his social media,… In "Entertainment" There are certain Nigerian entertainers who have been nominated for the prestigious Grammy awards. These are those entertainers.  The Grammy Award, unarguably the biggest music award in the world, is presented annually by The Recording Academy to recognize achievements in the music industry.And some Nigerian musicians have been nominated at… In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe Abuja, - Afrobeats artist Seun Kuti pulled a thrilling performance at the premiere ceremony of the 61st Grammy Awards. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Seun, the youngest son of the legendary Fela Anikulapo-Kuti, failed to snag a win in the ‘World Music Award’ category in… In "Entertainment"