The Zamfara House of Assembly has commenced impeachment process against the Deputy Governor of the state, Alhaji Mahadi Aliyu. This is contained in a statement issued in Gusau on Friday by the Director General, Press Affairs and Public Relations to the legislature, Malam Mustafa Jafaru-Kaura. According to the statement, the move followed a presentation of impeachment notice by the Deputy Speaker of the house, Mr Nasiru Magarya. “As part of the provision of Section 188 of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria that empowers legislatures to commence impeachment move of a governor or his deputy on allegations of constitutional breaches, wrong doing or abuse of office.“Therefore, today the Deputy Speaker and Chairman House Committee on Public Accounts presented a formal request notifying the speaker of the House move to impeach Barr. Mahdi Aliyu Muhammad Gusau as the Deputy Governor of the state,” Jafaru-Kaura said.“The Deputy Speaker accused the Deputy Governor, Mahdi Aliyu-Gusau, for alleged constitutional breaches, abuse of office and financial misappropriation, which are all impeachable offences, and added that Section 188 of the 1999 Constitution empowered them to commence impeachment process against the Deputy Governor without further delay. ”Responding, the Speaker promised that the assembly would look into the allegations against the deputy governor and act appropriately according to the provisions of the constitution. Aliyu Mahdi Gusau, Deputy Governor, Zamfara State ABUJA - Justice Obiora Egwuatu of the Federal High Court Abuja, has restrained the Zamfara State House of Assembly, the Chief Judge and others from making any move to impeach the Deputy Governor od the state, Aliyu Mahdi Gusau. The deputy governor refused… In "Security" The lawsuit filed to impeach Zamfara State Deputy Governor, Alhaji Mahadi Aliyu Mohammed Gusau has been transferred to another judge by Justice Obiora Egwatu of the Federal High Court in Abuja on Friday, July 23. The judge bowed out of the case following information that a similar suit on the… In "News" By Ishaq Zaki Gusau - The Zamfara State House of Assembly has passed two bills, to legalise the Zamfara State Comprehensive Development Programme (ZACODEP).The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that ZACODEP was a state/local government joint programme, initiated by Gov. Bello Matawalle to carry out various developmental programmes across… In "Politics"