By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate has confirmed the nominations of five Executive Director-nominees of the Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority (NMDPRA). The confirmation of the nominees followed the consideration of a report by the Committee on Downstream Petroleum Sector. Those confirmed include: Francis Alabo Ogaree, Executive Director, Hydrocarbon Processing Plants, Installations and Transportation Infrastructure; and Dr. Mustapha Lamorde, Executive Director, Health, Safety, Environment and Community. Others were Mansur Kuliya, Executive Director, Midstream and Downstream Gas Infrastructure; Bashir Sadiq, Executive Director, Corporate Services and Administration; and Dr. Zainab Gobir, Executive Director, Economic Regulations and Strategic Planning. Chairman of the Downstream Petroleum Sector Committee, Senator Sabo Mohammed (Jigawa South-West), in his presentation, recalled that the Senate on Tuesday, 8th February, 2022, considered President Muhammadu Buhari’s request for the confirmation of the nominees. He explained that the President’s request was in accordance with the provisions of Section 34(3) of the Petroleum Industry Act, 2021. According to the lawmaker, the Act empowers the President to make appointments into the board of the Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority (NMDPRA)  subject to the confirmation of the Senate for a period of five (5) years and may be reappointed for second term and no more. Senator Mohammed said that the nominees while appearing before the Committee for screening, responded to a wide range of questions regarding the Petroleum Industry and measures that should be taken to reposition the industry for the benefit of the Nigerian economy. “The nominees responded to the questions asked In an intellectual; factual and convincing manner. “They exhibited a high level understanding of the challenges, complexities and opportunities inherent in the Petroleum Industry. “Their knowledge and experiences will be of great benefit to the Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority and the oil and gas sector in general”, Mohammed said. He disclosed that the Committee did not receive any petition against their nominations, adding that they were cleared by the Nigeria Police Force, Department of State Services (DSS) and posses the Code of Conduct Acknowledgment slips. The five Executive Director-nominees were confirmed by the Senate after consideration of the report by the Committee on Petroleum Downstream Sector. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate on Thursday confirmed the appointment of four nominees as members of the Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority.  The nominees are Idaere Gogo Ogan – Chairman; Farouk A. Ahmed – Chief Executive Officer; Abiodun Adeniji – Executive Director, Finance and… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - jThe Senate has received a formal request from President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm five nominees as Executive Directors of the Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority (NMDPRA).  The confirmation request was contained in a letter dated 31st January, 2022, and read by… In "Top Stories" President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has forwarded Nigeria’s President Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.)’s nominees into the board of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to the Committee on Anti-Corruption and Financial Crimes for screening. Also forwarded were the names of appointees into the newly established Boards of… In "News"