By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The National Chairman of the Nigerian Conscience Party (NCP) and the former Presidential Candidate of the Party in 2019 general election, Dr Yunusa Salisu Tanko has declared his support for a southern president to succeed president Muhammad Buhari come 2023. Dr Tank who made the declaration in Abuja on Monday during a press conference at the party’s Secretariat said such was necessary for coexistence, fairness, equity and justice. Reading from a text titled, “Democracy in danger” the Kaduna based activist noted that,“We must have a president chosen for patriotism and acceptability across the various divides of the country and we do have them all over. Dr Tanko who disclosed that he would not be contesting the next Presidential election however stressed that, “the country is so divided now and in search of nationhood and we need a stabiliser and a unifier, a person who will see the entire country as his constituency. “The leader the country needs after this government to re-insert that patriotic feelings, rekindle a sense of belonging with empathy and love for the nation across the geopolitical zones and prepare the country for development is desirable “. The NCP chieftain also counselled the president, General Mohammed Buhari to give his assent to Electoral Bill adding that failure to do so would amount to a coup against democracy. The social justice crusader further advised General Buhari to find courage and sign the Electoral Bill this time around so that he could write his name in diamond as one who has contributed in strengthening the nation’s nascent democracy. He said he was aware that some reactionary forces were attempting to derail the Democratic process through the insertion and removal of some clauses that may make it impossible for Mr President to sign the Bill. Dr Tanko warned that Nigerian people would hold his government responsible if the signing of Electoral Bill was further truncated, adding,” President Mohammadu Buhari should see himself as a leader who is answerable to the people and not to an individual or a select group”. By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja -   National Chairman, National Conscience Party (NCP), Dr Yunisa Tanko, has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to address agitations for structuring of the country, now that he has returned to the country. Tanko told newsmen on Monday in Abuja that though the president had preached unity… In "News" ABUJA - President Goodluck Jonathan in Abuja held a closed-door meeting with the executive members of the Inter-Party Advisory Council (IPAC) over the 2015 general elections. The Chairman of IPAC, Mr Yunusa Tanko, told State House correspondents after the meeting, which held at the First Lady's Conference Hall of the… In "News" By Lydia Ngwakwe Lagos - Dr Yunusa Tanko, Presidential Candidate, National Conscience Party (NCP), on Thursday in Lagos, warned the electorate not to mortgage their future by selling their votes. Tanko told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that a voter who sells his power would not have the right… In "Politics"