Nigeria’s leading man, President Muhammadu Buhari will depart the statehouse, Abuja for Brussels, Belgium, where he would join European and other African leaders as well as heads of multilateral organisations at the 6th European Union-African Union Summit.A statement by his media aide, Garba Shehu, confirmed the journey to State House correspondents.  It also explained that the summit, which holds between February 17 – 18, 2022, will have the participants deliberate on themes currently affecting the world.Such areas of discussion include financing for sustainable and inclusive growth; climate change and energy transition, digital and transport (connectivity and infrastructure); peace, security and governance; and private sector support and economic integration.Others are education, culture and vocational training, migration and mobility; agriculture and sustainable development and health systems and vaccine production.The Nigerian leader will use the opportunity of the meeting to have other bilateral engagements.The statement also noted that Buhari will be accompanied on the trip by the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Ambassador Geoffrey Onyeama; Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire; Minister of State for the Environment, Sharon Ikeazor.The National Security Adviser, Maj.Gen. Babagana Monguno (rtd); Director General of the National Intelligence Agency, Amb. Ahmed Rufai Abubakar; and the Chief Executive Officer of Nigerians in Diaspora Commission, Hon. Abike Dabiri-Erewa; will also be part of the entourage.President Buhari is expected back in the country on Saturday.  Source By Ismaila Chafe   Abuja   -     President Muhammadu Buhari arrived Abidjan, Cote d’Ivoire, for the 5th European Union-African Union (EU-AU) Summit slated for Nov. 29 and Nov. 30. The President was received at the Houphet Airport by Ivoiren President Alassane Ouattara. Those on the President’s entourage include governors Emmanuel Udom… In "News" By Chijioke Okoronkwo     Abuja    -      Vice President Yemi Osinbajo will participate in the Africa-Europe High Level Forum with other African and European Heads of States and Government in Vienna, Austria. Vice President’s spokesman Laolu Akande, in a statement on Monday in Abuja, said the forum… In "News" Abuja -  The Federal Executive Council (FEC) on Wednesday approved the establishment of six new private universities, including a Naval University in Delta. The Minister of Education, Alhaji Adamu Adamu, announced this while briefing the State House Press Corps at the end of the FEC meeting presided over by Vice… In "News"