Abuja – Reports has it that the All Progressives Congress (APC) chairmanship candidate’s name for the Abuja Municipal Area Council election is missing on the list of names displayed by the INEC. However, that of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) chairmanship, and councillorship candidates of all other political parties were conspicuously reflected. The missing name may not be unconnected with the legal fireworks between Alhaji Murtala Kashi and Alhaji Hassan Gwagwa. Until last Thursday when the Supreme Court ruled in favour of Alhaji Murtala Kashi as the authentic Abuja Municipal Area Council Chairmanship candidate, Alhaji Hassan Suleiman Gwagwa has been posing as the candidate after the APC primary election that ended in confusion last year. DAILY POST reports that accreditation of voters within the few polling units visited started at about 10.00 a.m. There was also no sign of life threatening situation as voters are conducting themselves in orderly manner, while security operatives seem to be on a red alert around polling units and other strategic locations in Gwagwa, Karmo and Idu. Meanwhile, the Presiding Officer in charge of Gwagwa Karmo, Mrs Agwu Agnes revealed that a total of 2,401 ballot papers were provided by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for the Chairmanship and Councillorship election for Gwagwa Jiwa ward. There is confusion in the ruling All Progressives Congress in the Federal Capital Territory as two candidates claim the chairmanship ticket of the party in the Abuja Municipal Area Council. Two candidates, Sulaimon Gwagwa and Muritala Karshi have been campaigning at the different parts of FCT. The two candidates had… In "News" The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), has declared the candidates of the All Progressives Congress (APC) the winners of Saturday’s chairmanship elections in three area councils of Abuja. But the commission declared the polls in Kuje and Bwari area councils inconclusive. There are six area councils in the Federal Capital… In "Politics" Abuja   -  The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), says 30 candidates are vying for the six chairmanship seats in the forthcoming Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Area Councils elections scheduled for March 19. This is contained in a statement signed by the Secretary to the Commission, Augusta Ogakwu in Abuja on… In "Politics"