The leading Pan-African investment banking and financial services company, United Capital Plc, rewarded individuals across Nigeria for their acts of service, in commemoration of Valentine’s Day. This was disclosed in a statement on Monday by the Group Chief Executive Officer, United Capital, Peter Ashade, made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos. The celebration was titled “Drops of kindness”. Ashade said that the campaign awarded 10 individuals and groups for their steadfast dedication to providing public service and creating impact within their local communities. He noted that the campaign, an online initiative, was borne out of the need to spotlight good deeds, mundane or exceptional, that went unnoticed and unappreciated within the society. According to him, it was launched with a call through social media to the general public to nominate deserving individuals who have taken it upon themselves to improve their communities through sheer benevolence. He said 10 distinct individuals and groups were shortlisted as recipients of the reward out of over 100 nominations garnered, Ashade noted that they were located in various regions nationwide, as these individuals were selected based on their altruism, genuity, and the resounding impact their initiatives have made so far, even with limited resources. “The successes recorded with this campaign has reiterated our commitment to be deliberate about giving back to the community. “For us at United Capital, we will continue to leverage our resources to ensure our customers and non-customers develop and maintain a sustainable standard of living,” he said. By Folasade Adeniran/Olawunmi Ashafa Lagos -  Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode of Lagos State on Monday signed the 2018 Appropriation Bill of N1.046 trillion into law. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that state House of Assembly had on Jan. 30 passed the state’s Appropriation Bill into law. The Commissioner for… In "Business" By Chinyere Joel-Nwokeoma Lagos - Access Bank Plc has unveiled series of deals and exciting offers to celebrate its customers in the Valentine season in a campaign tagged “It’s a Love Thing”. Mr Victor Etuokwu, the bank’s Executive Director, Retail Banking, said in Lagos on Wednesday that the campaign, the… In "News" By Femi Ogunshola Critics insist that it is erroneous to appropriate Valentine’s Day as  of improper sexual lifestyles or indecent behaviours among people. “Can you be my Val, who is willing to be my Val, can I take you out on Val day? These are some of rampant suggestive utterances… In "Features"