…approves upgrade of Fed. Polytechnic, offa to University By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate on Tuesday passed a bill to establish the School of Mines and Geological Studies, Guyuk. Also passed was the Federal Universities of Technology Act 2004 (Amendment) Bill, 2022. The chamber, with the passage of the FUTA (Amendment) bill, gave an approval for the upgrade of the Federal Polytechnic, Offa, Kwara State, from a Diploma awarding institution to a full-fledged Degree awarding Federal University of Technology. The passage of both bills followed the consideration of two separate reports by the Committee on Tertiary Institutions and TETFUND. Chairman of the Committee, Senator Ahmad Babba Kaita, in his presentation, said that establishing the school of mines and geological studies would provide for the training of middles and junior level manpower for the mineral and mining sector. He added that it would also facilitate collaboration with other national and international institutions involved in general exploration and mining of precious stones and ore as well as encourage teacher training, research and general development of teacher education. By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - The Senate on Wednesday passed the bill for establishment of Modibo Adama University of Technology in Adamawa. The passing of the bill followed presentation and consideration of the report of the Committee on Tertiary Institution and TETFUND on Wednesday. The bill, sponsored by Sen. Aisha… In "News" By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - The Senate on Wednesday at plenary re-introduced a bill seeking to establish the South East Development Commission (SEDC). The bill, which scaled first reading on the floor, was passed by the 8th Senate but failed to receive presidential assent. Clause 15 (2a) of the bill… In "News" …passes Chartered Institute of Directors Bill Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Tuesday passed a bill to establish the Nigerian French Language Village, Badagry, Lagos State, as an Inter-University Centre for French Studies.  The passage of the bill followed the presentation and consideration of a report by the Committee on… In "Top Stories"