The National Broadcasting Commission has been faulted by the Civil Society Legislative Advocacy Centre (CISLAC) for shutting down and fining Vision FM, an Abuja based radio station.  The Federal Government sanctioned the Abuja-based radio station over a discussion on ‘Idon Mikiya’. The Hausa programme talked about the reappointment of Ahmed Rufai Abubakar as Director-General of the National Intelligence Agency (NIA). President Muhammadu Buhari’s decision has been opposed by aggrieved security officials and stakeholders. In a letter, some NIA officials recalled that Abubakar left service in 2012, six years before he was named DG. “He was compulsorily retired after failing his promotion examinations, from Deputy Director to Director, three (3) times consecutively. “This appointment brought a kind of a very odd and awkward relationship between the DG and directors”, it read in part. Irked by the deliberation on Idon Mikiya, the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) slammed a N5million fine on Vision FM. The NBC also suspended the programme for six months, starting from January 28, 2022. In a statement on Thursday, CISLAC Director urged President Buhari to call the NBC to order. The activist said that level of intolerance and impunity was getting out of hand despite having no place in a democracy. He told the government to lift the suspension and uphold the provisions of the 1999 Constitution (as amended). Rafsanjani declared that the NBC action “exposes the government’s illicit desire to gag the press, block free speech and turn Nigeria into a Police State” He reminded the Buhari administration that its emergence was a result of press freedom and vibrancy of the civil society. Rafsanjani, Head of Transparency International, Nigeria and Chairman of Amnesty International, Nigeria, advised the NBC to handle its regulatory role professionally and with restraint.  Source Popular current affairs programme of Vision FM, Idon Mikiya, has been suspended by the National Broadcasting Commission for six months. This was conveyed in a letter signed by the NBC Director-General, Balarabe Shehu Ilelah, and addressed to the Managing Director of Vision Media Service Limited. The NBC said the decision was taken… In "News" Jos - Jay FM 101.9, a Jos-based private radio station, which was shut down by the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC), on March 1, 2019, has resumed transmission, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports. NAN reports that the station, which was shut down over alleged violation of broadcasting codes, had… In "News" By Emmanuel Oloniruha   Abuja -   Daar Communications PLC has urged National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to reconsider the sanction on the company, saying it has not violated any broadcasting code to deserve sanctions. Managing Director of the broadcasting organisation, owners of African Independent Television (AIT) and RayPower FM, Mr… In "News"