… Schedules to hold extraordinary meeting of the Commission for Saturday By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Independent National Electoral Commission has commended President Muhammadu Buhari for signing of electoral bill into law, described it as historic. ThIs is also as it has scheduled to hold an extraordinary meeting of the Commission for tomorrow (Saturday) in Abuja. The Commission stated this in a statement signed by it’s National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, Festus Okoye Esq made available to Sundiata Post. The statement reads in full: Today Friday 25th February 2022, the President of the Federal Republic Nigeria signed the Electoral Bill 2022 into law. This is historic being the fourth time since the restoration of democracy in Nigeria in 1999 that the Electoral Act is repealed and re-enacted. It contains many progressive provisions that will facilitate the conduct of free, fair and credible elections in Nigeria. The nation now has the Electoral Act 2022 which replaces the Electoral Act 2010 (as amended). Together with the 1999 Constitution (as amended), the new Act constitutes the principal law to govern the conduct of future elections, including the 2023 General Election. Given the tight timelines contained in the new law, the Commission fully appreciates the importance of proceeding with their implementation in earnest. Consequently, an extraordinary meeting of the Commission is scheduled for tomorrow Saturday 26th February 2022. Thereafter, a statement will be issued on the way forward.  2019 Election: Clinton, Baroness to Deliver Goodwill Message at Signing of the National Peace Accord By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former President of the United States of America, Bill Clinton and the Secretary General of the Commonwealth, Baroness Patricia Scotland would on 13 February deliver goodwill messages at… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Barely 24 hours after President Muhammadu Buhari  declined signing the Electoral (Amendment) Bill 2018 into law, he has given reasons as to why he declined assent, saying that it was capable of derailing preparations for 2019 polls. Recall It was the fourth time he would be… In "Top Stories" BY TUNDE AJALA Abuja -. Continued delay in the assent to the Electoral Act (2010) amendment bill may affect the adoption of the new amendments for the 2023 general elections, the Independent National Electoral Commission has said. The commission said though it operates based on existing legal regime, it was… In "Top Stories"