The University of Ilorin has said it is prepared to join the Academic Staff Union of Universities strike action slated for Wednesday, February 9th, 2022.  As a result, the authorities of the institution has shifted all exams fixed for Wednesday to Saturday 12th, 2022. This is coming after the union on Monday maintained that it will soon embark on the indefinite strike should the federal government fail to meet its demands. A circular spotted by Naija News said the institution has directed all Sub-deans to immediately release a revised timetable. The institution further stated that the examinations scheduled for Friday and Thursday would be held. The circular reads, “The Vice-Chancellor has approved the movement of all examinations scheduled for Wednesday, 9th February 2022 to Saturday 12th, 2022. This is due to the ASUU warning strike slated for Wednesday. “Sub-deans should please and immediately release a revised timetable covering Thursday, 10th – Saturday, 12th February, 022. “Thursday and Friday’s scheduled examinations remain unchanged. Only Wednesday examinations are to be moved to Saturday.  SOURCE The Peoples Democratic Party has said it will commence the sale of forms for the 2022 Osun State governorship election on November 22, 2021. The party stated that the deadline for the sale of the forms for the election slated for July 16, 2022, will end on December 10, 2021.… In "Politics" Abakaliki - The warning strike embarked by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has paralysed academic activities at Ebonyi State University (EBSU), the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. The nation-wide warning strike in its second day was declared to press home ASUU’s demand for the Federal Government to… In "News" By Hilary Akalugwu Nsukka (Enugu State) -  The University of Nigeria, Nsukka, has postponed its 2017 post-UTME screening exam earlier scheduled to start on Monday Sept. 11. Its Registrar, Mr Chris Igbokwe announced this in a statement on Saturday in Nsukka. The registrar said a new date would be made… In "News"