Ex-Vice-President Atiku Abubakar has disclosed that he would soon declare his intention to run for Presidency in 2023.  Atiku stated this on Saturday, after a closed-door meeting with former President Olusegun Obasanjo at his (Obasanjo) residence, in Abeokuta, Ogun.Recall that Atiku was Obasanjo’s vice between 1999 and 2007, and also a Presidential contestant on the platform of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 polls.Atiku, who spoke briefly with newsmen after the meeting that lasted for about an hour, said he was in Abeokuta as part of his usual visit to Obasanjo, his former boss.He expressed assurances that he would eventually emerge as the PDP presidential flag bearer in the 2023 general elections.“Have I ever failed to get a ticket? I’m confident that I will still get it,” he said.When asked for his reaction to the call for the emergence of younger presidential candidates, Atiku responded, “Let the youths compete now. It is a competition. It is democracy.”Atiku later proceeded to the palace of the Alake of Egbaland, Oba Adedotun Gbadebo, in Ake, Abeokuta, where he recalled his days in Ogun as a trained Customs Officer.Although Atiku did not disclose his political intentions at the palace though, the traditional ruler prayed that God would grant him his heart’s desires.  source Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, who spoke at the National Executive Council (NEC) meeting yesterday, canvassed the retention of the PDP presidential ticket in the North. He recalled how he shunned pressure from former PDP governors to contest for the 2023 presidential ticket to frustrate the re-election bid of his… In "Politics" By Nse Anthony-Uko ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - There are strong indications that former President Olusegun Obasanjo may have blocked the choice of Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala as running mate to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) presidential flag bearer, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar who is currently on intensive search for a running mate… In "Top Stories" •Atiku Abubakar ABUJA - A broad-based political alliance involving eminent leaders and chieftains of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) across the six geopolitical zones is being put together with a two-pronged agenda, one of which is to neutralise the hold of former Vice President and presidential candidate of the… In "Politics"