ABUJA – To increase voluntary tax compliance, the management of the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) has introduced “Self-Service Stations” where taxpayers can file tax returns, pay taxes, apply for and validate Tax Clearance Certificates among other services, by themselves on online platforms located in FIRS tax offices across the country. This initiative is aimed at supporting taxpayers in the optimised use of the TaxPro Max solution. “As part of the Service’s effort to enhance voluntary tax compliance, the SelfService Stations will, among other things, provide taxpayers the opportunity to carry out the following services online while in the Tax Office: Filing tax returns; Paying taxes; Applying for and validate TCCs; Generating receipts and credit notes,” a statement by the FIRS read. The statement added that to make it more convenient for the taxpayers, the Self-Service Stations have designated officers readily available to assist taxpayers with any technical difficulty or concerns that may arise. The service enjoined taxpayers to take advantage of the Self-Service Stations in fulfilling their tax obligations. ABUJA - As part of its efforts at modernising tax administration in the country, the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS), has introduced a new Tax Administration Solution (TaxPro-Max) for ease of tax compliance.   A public notice signed by the Executive Chairman, FIRS, Mr Muhammad Nami, disclosed that “TaxPro-Max enables seamless… In "News" ABUJA - The Federal Inland Revenue Service has raked in over N650 billion in June 2021, the highest revenue realised in a single month since the COVID-19 pandemic started and the assumption of office of the current management. Executive Chairman, Mr Muhammad Nami, disclosed this in a statement made available… In "News" By Nse Anthony-Uko (Sundiata Post) --The Federal Inland Revenue Service, (FIRS) is set to commence the audit of taxpayers across the country in boosting the revenue of the nation. Fowler announced in Lagos at a stakeholder meeting to discuss issues of national importance with respect to tax administration and the… In "Business"