Alhaji Ganiyu Egunjobi, the Executive Chairman of Agege Local Government Area of Lagos State, on Monday presented  N3,993,793,829.29 as 2022 budget before the Council’s Legislative Arm for ratification. Egunjobi, in his presentation at the council’s legislative house, said that the budget would address developmental challenges for future prosperity. According to him, the proposal is aimed at addressing the gap in human capital, healthcare and ecosystem. The proposal for year 2022, entitled “Budget of Redressing Development Challenges for Future Prosperity”, is aimed at correcting some of the wrongs in the community. “We intend to step up our activities in the area of investment in our people, including  the provision of affordable primary healthcare at their doorsteps with a health centre in all the seven wards. “In few months time, we shall deliver two health centres, the two under construction at Ajegunle in Ward G and Awori Street in Ward D;  with their completion in a matter of days, medical centres owned by the council would be five,” he said. The council chairman also added that plans were on to embark on beautification of some parts of the council by creating green areas or parks with flowers, trees, various decorations, games, and benches for recreation. According to him, the benefits are manifold and they include promoting psychological wellbeing of people, reducing pollution, protecting the ecosystem and increasing community pride. He noted that budget was a template designed for good governance with laudable programmes, projects, and  infrastructural social amenities for socio-economic development of the communities. “The budget is a plan to convert potential opportunities into real growth from revenue to overhead and capital projects while not leaving out staff and teachers emoluments. “I must stress for emphasis that this budget plan would address basic governance issues simultaneously using multi-sectoral strategies to build progress and prosperity. “Therefore, our budget is the framework for our collective social political progress and harmony. “In this budget, all our expenditures shall continually be cost efficient, avoidance of wastes while the ultimate goal will remain impactful governance for the citizenry to benefit,” he said. The chairman reiterated that due cognisance had been taken care of including personnel cost involving both staff, teachers and non-teaching staff alike, while not leaving out the political appointees. He added that proposed personnel cost captured promotion, advancement, and conversion allowances including provision for possible new recruitments. “On overhead, the administrative running cost has allocation made to it for efficient and effective service delivery across all sectors and segments. “Our capital projects (Non-Current Assets (NCA)), particularly all ongoing projects, will take precedence receiving utmost priority while other development infrastructures shall be evenly across wards of the local government,” he said. Mr Olohuntoyin Najeem, the Leader of the Legislative House at the local government,  in his remarks that the house would be proactive in studying the proposal. Najeem said the budget would be given prompt attention for passage to ensure quick community development. By Veronica Dariya Bwari (Abuja) - Bwari Area Council of the FCT, says it will target improved healthcare delivery services, environmental matters, agriculture and education as its topmost priories of the year. Mr John Gabaya, Chairman of the council, said this while reviewing the council’s 2019 Budget and highlighting its… In "Health" SABONGIDA ORA - The Owan West Local Government Area of Edo, on Monday proposed to spend N2.9 billion for the 2014 fiscal year. The Chairman of the council, Mr Godwin Aigbodion, presented the budget proposal before the council’s legislative arm at the council's headquarters in Sabonginda Ora. The budget christened… In "News" AFUZE - The Owan East Local Government Area of Edo has proposed to spend N3.3 billion for the 2014 fiscal year, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. The Chairman of the council, Mr Jimoh Ijegbai, presented the 2014 budget proposal before the council legislative arm on Wednesday. The 2014 budget… In "News"