By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has postponed its national convention earlier scheduled for February 26 to March 26, 2022. The decision which was communicated to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Monday was signed by the Chairman of the APC Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC), Governor Mala Buni of Yobe State and the Secretary, John Akpanudoedehe. Until a few days ago when the APC disclosed its plans to amend some sections of its constitution, the concept of zonal congresses was alien to the party. In the amendments proposed by the Governor Mala Buni-led Caretaker Committee, the party created the new organ not only to elect officers of the Zonal Executive Committee but to also approve budget, receive reports from officers in the region and delegate powers. See full list of the zoning of national offices: South-South:(Akwa Ibom, Bayelsa, Cross River, Delta, Edo and Rivers States) South-West:(Ekiti, Lagos, Ogun, Ondo, Osun, and Oyo States) South-East:(Abia, Anambra, Ebonyi, Enugu, Imo States) North-East:(Adamawa, Bauchi, Borno, Gombe, Taraba and Yobe States) North-Central:(Benue, Kogi, Kwara, Nasarawa, Niger, and Plateau States) North-West:(Jigawa, Kaduna, Kano, Katsina, Kebbi, Sokoto and Zamfara States) DRAFT NATIONAL CONVENTION PROGRAMME: The ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) will hold its convention March 26, the party has announced. The initial signal was an indefinite postponement before the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC) announced a date. It said the change of date is to enable the party to organise zonal congresses across the… In "News" By Our Reporter In reaction to the postponement of national convention of the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC), a pressure group within the party known as 'Concerned APC Stakeholders Forum' (CASF), has expressed satisfaction with the development. The Governor Mai Buni led Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC), had on Monday,… In "Politics" There are strong indications that the All Progressives Congress is in a dilemma over the zoning of the 2023 presidency. The PUNCH gathered on Sunday that although the party was looking southwards to pick its presidential candidate, there was a strong possibility that it could still throw the race open… In "Top Stories"