SaharaReporters reports that the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) has accused a member of the House of Representatives, Mohammed Garba Gololo of forging his BSc and master’s degrees’ certificates. In the charge it filed at the High Court of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), the commission alleged that Garba-Gololo falsely claimed to have attended the Lagos State University (LASU), where he purportedly obtained both certificates.The commission, however, said both certificates were doctored.The ICPC said the lawmaker representing Gamawa Federal Constituency of Bauchi State presented a forged Bachelor of Science (BSc) degree certificate, stating that he has Second Class Honours (Upper Division).The agency said the lawmaker similarly forged a Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree certificate, which was submitted to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), to contest an election.His arraignment planned for Thursday before Justice K. N. Ogbonnaya of the High Court of the FCT in Kubwa was put off when he failed to show up in court.Justice Ogbonnaya, however, rescheduled the arraignment for April 11, 2022.  source A member of House of Representatives, Mohammed Garba Gololo (Gamawa Federal Constituency of Bauchi State) has been accused of forging his first and second degree certificates. The Independent Corrupt Practices and other related offences Commission (ICPC) dragged the lawmaker to court after making the allegation. In an eight-count charge it… In "News" The Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission has arrested two officials of the Federal Road Safety Corps, Edwin Onyuwe and Achigili Ogoli, over certificate forgery. Also, two members of a certificate forgery syndicate, Sunday Okpara and Abdulrahman Razak were arrested by the Commission for forging the certificate of… In "Features" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Two officials of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Messrs. Edwin Onyuwe and Achigili Ogoli, have been arrested by the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) over certificate forgery. The Commission also arrested two members of a certificate forgery syndicate, Mr. Sunday Okpara… In "Top Stories"