OWERRI – The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has declared Amajirionwu Blyden Okanni of the All Progressives Congress (APC) the winner of the just-concluded state assembly by-election into Ngor-Okpala constituency of Imo State. Ameh Dennis Akor, a professor of drama and critical theory from Alex Ekwueme Federal University Ndufu-Alike, Ebonyi State, and the returning officer, announced the results at Umuneke in the Council Headquarters of Ngor-Okpala LGA on Sunday morning. He said that the APC candidate of polled 9,248 to defeat Jeff Nwachukwu of the PDP, who polled 7,071 votes. He stated that the total registered voters across the 11 existing electoral wards in the area was 94,060, and the total number of accredited voters was 18,083, noting that polling commenced as early as 8:30a.m and ended at about 2:30p.m, noting that all accredited voters with Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS) cast their votes. The election results were published, displayed and transmitted electronically using form EC60E and EC8A through the INEC’s portal. He further stated that the number of total votes cast was 17,862 and total number of valid votes was 17,280 with rejected votes being 582. He commended the efforts of security agencies especially the Commissioner of Police in Imo State, CP Rabiu Hussaini and all stakeholders who participated before, during and after the elections for their maturity and understanding. No fewer than eleven registered political parties participated in the election.The parties included the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), All Progressives Congress (APC), All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), the African Democratic Congress (ADC) and Labour Party (LP). Others were the Young Progressives Party (YPP), Zenith Labour Party (ZLP), National Rescue Movement (NRM), New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP), Allied People’s Movement (APM), Action Democratic Party (ADP) and the Social Democratic Party (SDP). Imo State governor, Hope Uzodimma, yesterday, met with leaders of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state, challenging them to work hard to ensure the party wins the Ngor-Okpala constituency by-election slated for Saturday. It was also an opportunity for the governor to admonish the party executive in the… In "Metro" After the collation of the governorship election results across 23 local government areas of Imo State, the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Emeka Ihedioha, is in a comfortable lead. Mr Ihedioha, a former deputy speaker of the House of Representatives, already polled a total of 212,283 while his… In "Politics" By Yinusa Ishola/Olayinka Owolewa   Omu-Aran     -       The candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Raheem Olawuyi, was on Saturday declared the winner of the Ekiti/Irepodun/Isin/Oke-Ero Federal Constituency bye-election held across the four councils in Kwara. The Returning Officer for the election, Prof. Abimbola Adesoji,… In "Politics"