The Senate Wednesday confirmed the nomination of Mrs. Emily Chidinma Osuji as Executive Director of the Nigerian Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC). The confirmation of the nominee was sequel to the consideration of the report of the Committee on Banking, Insurance and Other Financial Institutions. In his presentation; Chairman of the Committee, Senator Uba Sani, APC, Kaduna Central said “the office of the Executive Director (Corporate Services) of the Corporation remains vacant following the end of the tenure of the previous occupant.”READ ALSO: Senate moves to relieve SGF powers to keep records of declared Assets by Customs, Bank workers He however explained that Mrs. Osuji’s nomination by President Muhammadu Buhari was duly in accordance with the provisions of Section 8 of the Nigerian Deposit Insurance Corporation Act, 2006. According to the lawmaker, “the nominee possesses the academic qualifications, technical knowledge and professional experience to be Executive Director of the NDIC.” He disclosed that the Committee did not receive any petition against her nomination, adding that Osuji was “cleared by the Nigeria Police, Department of State Services (DSS) and possesses the Code of Conduct Acknowledgement slip”. The nominee was, thereafter, confirmed by the Senate. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has confirmed the nomination of Mrs. Emily Chidinma Osuji as Executive Director of the Nigerian Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC).  The confirmation of the nominee on Tuesday, followed the consideration of the report of the Committee on Banking, Insurance and Other Financial… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Wednesday confirmed the nominations of Mr. Ahmed Lawan Kuru; and Bello Hassan as Managing Directors of the Asset Management Corporation of Nigerian; and Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation, respectively. The confirmation of both nominees followed consideration of two separate reports of the Senate Committee… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - jThe Senate has received a formal request from President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm five nominees as Executive Directors of the Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority (NMDPRA).  The confirmation request was contained in a letter dated 31st January, 2022, and read by… In "Top Stories"