The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) has revealed that activities about the deployment of the 5G network would commence before the end of 2022. The NCC said this during a two-day TechSummit Ogun, held in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. NCC Director of Technical Standards and Network Integrity, Engr Bako Wakil, in his keynote address, stated that the auction of the 5G network was part of efforts being taken by the commission towards achieving the goal of the national broadband plan. According to Wakil, the NCC would continue to provide necessary infrastructure across the country to give Nigerians, especially the youth, access to information communication technology. He alluded to the fact that Nigerians, many of whom are online content creators need the internet to be very effective, either as a tech or creative talent. The NCC boss mentioned that the commission is one of the leading implementing agencies for the national broadband plan, saying the plan of the NCC is to “make the broadband available, affordable and accessible to all Nigerians.” “We have actually auctioned the 5G sector. This is another step towards achieving the goal of the national broadband plan. Perhaps, before the end of the year, we will see some activities in the deployment of 5G,” he stated. He commended organisers of the Techsummit for displaying the talent and creativity embodied in Nigerian youths. Wakil said, “With the events of the last two days, we are right by supporting this program and NCC will continue to do so.” Meanwhile, the Minister of Communication and Digital Economy, Professor Isa Ali Pantami, has stated that technology startups are more than the individual GDP of most G7 economies. Represented by the CEO/MD of Nigerian Communication Satellite Limited (NIGCOMSAT), Dr Abimbola Alale, Pantami maintained that digital-based companies now dominate the list of largest companies in the world with seven out of the top 10 largest companies from the digital technology sector. While touching on ‘Disruptive Innovation: Production And Distribution of Creative Content’, Pantami maintained that digitisation offers great potential for tapping into traditional and non-traditional markets for creative goods and services. In his words, the convener of the summit and by CEO of VerveTree Startup, Olaniyi Ayoola, said the purpose of the Summit was to open the eyes of emerging creatives and content creators to all sorts of opportunities in the industry, adding that Ogun State is more blessed with many young people. “Ogun State is blessed with the largest Higher Institutions in the country and there’s no reason why we can’t turn the space around into a money-making state via technology and creative contents,” he said. Nigeria will derive huge socio-economic benefits from commercial deployment of the Fifth Generation (5G) Networks, which will come with great potentials that will bolster Nigeria’s socio economic ecosystem for quantifiable growth. The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) stated this during a discussion with a broad spectrum of participants mostly made up… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – As part of efforts to support their continuous professional development critical stakeholders in the telecommunications industry, the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) has organised capacity building workshops for media executives in the northern and southern divides of the country ahead of the anticipated 2022… In "News" A new update concerning 5G network has been released by the federal government. Recall that the President Muhammadu Buhari-led government on Wednesday approved the National Policy on fifth-generation (5G) networks for the country’s digital economy during the weekly Federal Executive Council. In a statement made available to newsmen on Friday,… In "News"