Governor Abdullahi GandujeKano State Governor, Abdullahi Ganduje has warned herders in the state to desist from banditry and cattle rustling or face dire consequences.  Speaking at the launch of a state-wide mass vaccination for cattle and small ruminants, held in Kadawa, Garun-Mallam LGA of the state on Saturday February 26, Ganduje noted that his administration has provided modern alternatives to improve the businesses of herders.The Governor said any herder found involved in banditry would get the death sentence, while those involved in cattle rustling would be sentenced to life imprisonment.He said;“I call on you, the Fulani herders, not to engage in cattle rustling or banditry. Let me tell you that cattle rustling attracts life imprisonment while banditry is a death sentence.“I, therefore, caution you to shun these crimes.“We have provided an enabling environment for you to run your business in tandem with modernity.”Revealing that a total of 703 cattle and 364 sheep and goats were vaccinated in 021 with no infectious disease recorded, Ganduje further added that Kano state is targeting one million cattle and small ruminants for the vaccination.He said 220 youths had been employed by the state to render veterinary services, free of charge to herders in all the 44 LGAs of the state.Ganduje said;“Vaccination is free of charge. We have provided food and water for the animals free of charge, aimed at improving animal production.Anyone caught will get death sentence ? Ganduje warns herders against banditry“Open grazing is now an old modern system, that is why we introduced the RUGA system where the herders are kept in one place, under good condition and care in order to produce quality milk, meat, oil, among others.”  source Hassan Dantawaye is the commander of bandits who recently renounced violence following peace talks in Zamfara State. The bandits, who are Fulani herdsmen, had been engaged in killing, kidnapping and other crimes, which they blamed on cattle rustling and harassment by security agencies and local vigilance group. Dantawaye tells MAIHARAJI… In "Interview" Abuja -  Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State says the government is making concerted efforts to replace the famous groundnut pyramids with rice pyramids. According to the governor, it is for this reason the state government is providing the environment that will encourage the massive production of rice, wheat, and… In "News" By Muhammad Nur Tijani  Kano -  Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has called on all stakeholders to join hands to ensure the success of the community policing initiative to ensure safe and secured communities.‎ Ganduje disclosed this while ‎inspecting over 1,000 cattle and other property recovered from rustlers at… In "News"