Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, alongside presidents of four countries, on Monday, in Monrovia, attended the official inauguration of Liberian bicentennial commemoration events. Osinbajo was received at the Roberts International Airport, Monrovia, by the Vice President of Liberia, Dr Jewel Taylor and Mr Godfrey Odudigbo, Nigerian Ambassador to Liberia. The event, held at the Samuel Doe Stadium, marks the arrival of the first Free Black Americans in Providence Island in 1822(200 years ago). The arrival of the Free Black Americans led to the establishment of the city of Monrovia and the Republic of Liberia in 1847. Liberia is Africa’s oldest republic. The celebration was tagged, “Liberian: The Land of Return, Commemorating 200 Years of Freedom and Pan African Leadership” and the theme, “National Peace and Reconciliation.” Presidents who attended the ceremony were Faure Gnassingbe of Togo, Julius Bio of Sierra Leone, Adama Barrow of The Gambia and Mohammed Bazoum of Niger Republic. Other countries who were represented in official capacity were the US, South Africa, Gabon, Ghana, the UN Secretary-General, among others. The event featured bicentennial parades and cultural display. In her Special Statement, Madam Johnson Sirleaf, first Female African Head of State and former President of Liberia, thanked the guests for the honour done to Liberia and its president by their presence at the event. In his special statement, Dr Jean-Claude Brou, President of ECOWAS Commission, said the regional body was pleased to be part of Liberian bicentennial celebration. Brou expressed appreciation to Liberia for its constant support to ECOWAS in sustaining peace in the region. In his bicentennial message, President George Weah, said he was excited to be given the opportunity to serve the country as president and pledged to maintain its 200 years legacy. He sued for peace and national unity and urged Liberians to peacefully co-exist despite their diversity. “National unity and reconciliation is the foundation upon which we must build our nation. “It must become the imperative agenda of all current and future national development policies “The projects and programmes emanating from these policies should focus on eliminating all forms of discrimination and exclusion in Liberia, ‘’ he said. Osinbajo, the presidents present and official representatives of countries were presented with Liberian National Awards. The Nigerian Ambassador to Liberia, Mr Godfrey Odudigbo, says no fewer than 200,000 Nigerians live in Liberia. Odudigbo spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday at the sidelines of the inauguration of the year-long commemoration of Liberia’s bicentennial anniversary in Monrovia. Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo represented President Muhammadu… In "News" Vice Presidentresident Yemi Osinbajo departs Abuja on Monday for Monrovia, to represent President Muhammadu Buhari at the inauguration of the year-long commemoration of the Liberia’s bicentennial anniversary. Laolu Akande, Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Office of the Vice-President, made the declaration in a statement in… In "News" By Harrison Arubu Monrovia -   Former soccer star, George Weah, on Monday took the oath of office as the 24th President of Liberia with a pledge to build an equal, free and just country. Delivering his inaugural address, Weah promised to do everything within his powers to be the… In "Top Stories"