By Oluwabukola Akann Prof. Emmanuel Lufadeju, the National Coordinator, Rotary Reproductive, Maternal and Child Health (RMCH), has commended the Federal Government for launching the Revised National Policy on Population for Sustainable Development.  The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the revised national policy was launched on Feb. 3 by President Muhammadu Buhari. Lufadeju gave the commendation in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Ibadan. He said that the policy would bring the desired measures to address Nigeria’s high fertility rate, through expanding access to modern contraceptive methods across the country. “It is very heart-warming that finally the Nigerian government wants to focus on improving the health of mothers and adolescents. ”For the policy to be a success, the federal government must improve budgetary allocation to women’s health and provide easy accessibility to modern family planning methods. “There is need to provide funding for the upgrading of Primary Health Centers throughout the country and train more doctors and nurses, especially in the rural areas. “These actions will substantially reduce maternal and infant mortality, and increase general well being of the whole family. “In achieving these men head of households have a great responsibility to support and encourage our women folks,” he said. NAN reports that the police outlines a multi-sectoral strategy for the challenges posed by rapid population growth. It also strives to inform all stakeholders about the linkage s between population and developmental issues like housing, health, education, agriculture, food, economy, energy, environment, transportation, security, employment, urbanization and so forth. This in effect means the effect of population on the well being and quality of life of all Nigerians. The policy states that to achieve sustainable development and a higher quality of life for all people, Nigeria shall promote appropriate policies including population-related policies, to meet the needs of current generations, without compromising the ability of future generation to meet their own needs“. The federal government said the policy is in accordance with the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria which provides the Nigerians are entitled to all rights, privileges and provisions that should enhance their full and equal participation in all national development efforts. To this end, therefore, the federal government directs government all levels to ensure that all individuals are given the opportunity to make the most of their potentials. The federal government gave some of the specific goals to include achieving sustained economic growth, poverty eradication, protection of the environment and provision of quality of social services. Others are to achieve a balance between population growth rate and available resources and improve the productive health of all Nigerians at every stage of the life cycle.  NAN By Felicia Imohimi Abuja - A coalition of Non Gvernmental Organisations (NGOs) has urged governments at all levels to prioritise implementation of Strategic Policy Documents on improving access to reproductive and maternal healthcare in Nigeria. The NGOs, comprising Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria-Partnership for Advocacy in Child and Family Health at… In "News" Due to the increase in the nation's population, President Muhammadu Buhari has called for access to modern contraceptive methods across the country to reduce the fertility rate. The President made the call at the launch of the revised National Policy on Population for Sustainable Development at the State House in… In "News" By Rotimi Ijikanmi Abuja - The Federal Government says the strike by the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) was “needless and insensitive” because issues raised by the association had received attention.The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed made this known at a media briefing on Sunday in… In "Health"