President Muhammadu Buhari says the poor and vulnerable in Nigeria remain top priority for protection and lifting from the poverty cycle.  The president stated this at the virtual official presentation of the Country Review Report of Nigeria. He stated this at the 31st Africa Peer Review Forum of the African Union leader in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, on Friday. Buhari assured that social safety nets would be further sustained, while access to education and opportunities will be expanded. He said the government would also take advantage of Information, Communication and Technology to ensure inclusiveness, access and create more opportunities. “Your Excellencies, Nigeria’s strategic focus, as we set out to achieve the objectives of the African Union Agenda 2063, has been around the following: ”Building a thriving and sustainable economy; Enhancing social inclusion and alleviating poverty; Enlarging agricultural output for food security and sufficiency; Attaining energy sufficiency in power and petroleum products. ”Expanding transport and other infrastructural development, business growth, entrepreneurship and industrialization. “Access to quality education, affordable healthcare and productivity, social cohesion and security; and, building a system that fights corruption and improve governance.” According to the president, Nigeria remains resolutely committed to achieving these set goals in spite of the challenges that the report highlighted, including the COVID-19 pandemic. ”The government of the Federal Republic of Nigeria remains committed to providing social safety nets for the poor and most vulnerable in our society, while also taking advantage of the huge opportunities offered by the information and technology sector,’’ he said. He reiterated that Nigeria had remained a committed and dedicated member of the African Peer Review family, after acceding to the Mechanism in 2003. “Today, the forum has presented its second peer review report on Nigeria. “This Second Peer Review of Nigeria came at a critical time in the history of the country. ”From the report just presented, there is no doubt that the exercise was far reaching, as it touched the various segments of Nigeria’s political-economy and highlighted the progress recorded since the first peer review. “The report also highlighted some challenges and as a country, we are prepared to review those challenges in the context of our internal dynamics in Nigeria, ultimately with the determination of achieving Agenda 2063 goals of the African Union,’’ he added. According to him, Nigeria remains grateful to be at the esteemed Forum of the Heads of State and Government, which provides a unique opportunity to present the Country Review Reports of some countries, including Nigeria. “Let me use this opportunity to commend the President of South Africa for his dedication to the Forum since his election as the Chairperson of the African Peer Review Forum. “I also recognize the distinguished Panel of Eminent Persons for their continued good work in steering the African Peer Review Mechanism process in all member countries. ”I recognize specifically, Dr Abdoulie Janneh who led the Review Mission to Nigeria,” he added. Buhari congratulated the other three countries (Namibia, Niger and South Africa) that had been reviewed alongside Nigeria, commending the boldness and courage to present their countries for the comprehensive exercise. “I call on other member states to join us and present themselves for review as well. There are so many lessons that we can all learn together. ”It is from learning these lessons and recommitting ourselves as a continent that we all can contribute to our collective efforts to achieve the objectives of the “Africa We Want”.  NAN By Sam Oditah Umuahia -  Gov.Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia has commended the Federal Government for introducing the social safety nets programme targeted at reducing poverty level in the country. Ikpeazu made the commendation on Monday in Umuahia while declaring open four-day training workshop for ‘community-based targeting team and enumerators on… In "News" Abuja - The World Bank on Tuesday announced a 500-million dollars (about N99.5 billion) support for the Federal Government’s Social Protection Programme for Poor and Vulnerable Citizens. The bank’s Lead Specialist on Social Protection and Labour, Mr Foluso Okunmadewa, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja that the… In "Business" By Ismaila Chafe   Abuja,  -      President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday in New York called on Africans in the Diaspora to come up with suggestions on how to curtail the menace of corruption on the African continent. He made the call while addressing participants at the High Level Media Launch… In "News"