Love is in the air and we’re very excited for star filmmaker, Kemi Adetiba, who has just announced her engagement to her fiancé. The ‘Wedding Party’ and ‘King of Boys’ producer, made the big reveal on Instagram on Tuesday. According to her, she got engaged to her partner in January, but they both decided to keep things private and revel in the moment before sharing it with their online family. “We’ve taken some time to privately enjoy this moment and bask in the celebration of it all. However, we’re beginning to understand it might be next to impossible keeping a lid on this for much longer. “After thinking long and hard, we ultimately would love for this announcement to be on our own terms and molded in our own true narrative. Plus, you all here have followed my journey from the start and lovingly rooted for me – now if that isn’t family, I don’t know what is :). “So dear family, on the 28th of January in Ghana, delivered as a beautiful surprise and expression of love, and in the presence of some close friends and family, @oscarhemanackah asked that we spend the rest of our lives together, and I wholeheartedly said yes… Without a single reservation,” she said. Well, congratulations are in order and fans are very excited by the news that there’s about to be another real ‘Wedding Party’. By Joshua Olomu Abuja -  A star-studded Nollywood romantic film ”King of Boys” casting Zack Orji, Adesua Etomi, Omoni Oboli and other stars, is about to hit screens across Nigeria. The producer Kemi Adetiba, a veteran Nigerian music video director and filmmaker, released the teaser for the film on Wednesday… In "Entertainment" By Bababjide Awoyinfa Lagos -  The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, has commended the organisers of the newly premiered movie “The Wedding Party” for raising Nollywood artistic bar to international level. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the movie, which is a romantic comedy and… In "News" By Joshua  Olomu Abuja - Three Nigerian films, Lionheart, King of Boys and Up North, are selected for showcase at the 2019 edition of  ‘Nollywood in Hollywood’ slated to hold on March 22 and 23 in Hollywood California, USA. The event is organized by O2A Media, Inc. in partnership with… In "News"