Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu has signed a bill regulating real estate transactions in Lagos state.  The governor signed the bill at the Executive Chamber at the Lagos House in the Ikeja area on Monday. Present at the signing were the Commissioner for Housing, Moruf Akinderu-Fatai; the Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Moyosore Onigbanjo; the governor’s Special Adviser on Housing, Toke Awoyinka-Benson; amongst others. Sanwo-Olu said the law to regulate the real estate transactions in Lagos State will help to protect the citizens; the unsuspecting Lagosians who fall prey to many real estate professionals, adding that the law will also help players in the real estate sector to know what is expected of them and for government to be able to track who is doing what in the sector. “It is really around ease of doing business and ensuring that we can continue to attract private sector investments into the real estate space. We believe this law will be the very first in the country that has taken a deep dive into what is happening in that space and it further strengthens our intervention in housing through the Ministry of Housing,” Sanwo-Olu said.  SOURCE The Lagos State Government has called on stakeholders in real estate sector to work out modalities for residents to pay house rents on monthly basis instead of yearly. Lagos State Governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, made the call on Thursday in Lekki, during the Policy Roundtable Dialogue with key stakeholders in… In "News" By Grace Alegba Lagos - The Lagos State Government on Wednesday raised alarm over increasing fraud in real estate transactions, vowing to explore legal option to protect residents. The Lagos State Commissioner for Housing, Mr Moruf Akinpelu-Fatai, said that government would explore legal options to ensure dubious real estate swindlers… In "News" Lagos State House of Assembly has passed into law a bill to establish the Lagos State Public Complaints and Anti-Corruption Commission and for connected purposes. The bill was passed into law on Tuesday after the third reading by the House and a consequent voice vote. Speaker Mudashiru Obasa directed the… In "News"