By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – A support group for Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State, on Sunday, commended President Muhammad Buhari, for assenting to the Electoral Act amendment Bill 2022. The group, National Mass Movement for Yahaya Bello, purely made up of youth and women across the country, also hailed the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), for the timely release of the adjusted guidelines for the 2023 general elections. Governor Yahaya Bello is a top contender of the 2023 presidential election under the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC). In a statement signed by the National Publicity Secretary of the group, Comrade Patrick Ezza and made available to newsmen on Sunday, the group said Gov. Bello as president, would see to a new Nigeria where big ideas, competence and pragmatism would be the order of the day. The statement added that, the choice of Gov. Bello was to the fact that the Kogi Chief Executive remains the bridge between the young and the old, the North and the South. “Yahaya Bello is not only competent and pragmatic, he is also seen by all Nigerians as the bridge between the young and old, north and south and a true representative of the youth constituency and an unrepentant champion of women emancipation. “Thank God the Electoral Act has been amended and we must as a matter of patriotism, appreciate President Muhammad Buhari, for assenting to the popular amendment Bill. We must also hail INEC for the timely release of the new election timetable, which has given us a clear map on how to coordinate ourselves for the electoral victory of Gov. Yahaya Bello. “Consequently, we have met at the 4th Extraordinary Meeting of the leadership of our forum in Abuja yesterday (Saturday) and have given all the state coordinators target to mobilise at least one million votes from amongst the youth, various age grade groups, community associations and market women, in their respective States. “As we meet again, we shall assess what each coordinator and zonal leaders have done and review how the national body can add more tempo to go beyond the 37 million votes, which is already a done deal. Our target is to mobilise 50 million votes for the man whom we so much believe in”, Ezza added. By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Thursday formally presented the Kogi Gov.-elect, Yahaya Bello, to President Muhammadu Buhari at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the re-elected Governor had earlier received a Certificate of Return from… In "News" Igbo Women Forum, a political group, says it will mobilise at least 25 million votes for Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi in the 2023 Presidential election. The group stated this in a statement by its President, Mrs Uju Obi, in Abuja on Sunday. She said to achieve this, the group… In "News" The Forum of 36 States and FCT Chairmen of the National Youth Council of Nigeria (NYCN) has declared total support for the presidential ambition of Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi. The Forum’s Chairman, Malam Idris Ojoko, made the declaration, at a news conference on Friday in Keffi, Nasarawa State. Ojoko… In "News"