The national leader of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu has been mocked by Rauf Aregbesola, Minister of Interior.  According to Sahara Reporters, Tinubu was mocked for wetting his cloth during a recent political outing. Speaking in the Oriade Local Government Area of Osun on Monday, Aregbesola while castigating Tinubu said, “Won ti n to ara” which is translated in English “they’re already urinating on themselves.” This is coming days after the APC National Leader was seen in a viral video with suspected pee stains on his cloth during a visit to a monarch in Ogun State, the Awujale of Ijebuland. Tinubu, who was seated on a black leather couch alongside some other party stalwarts had risen to give a speech but his attire had soaked from behind, particularly at the butt area. The politician’s security aide was seen constantly holding his nose while looking at the wet area as another woman immediately wore her face mask as the Asiwaju rose up to speak. This has piqued the interest of many Nigerians who insisted the wetness of the attire at the spot was urine. Others, however, argued that it might be sweat resulting from the long period of sitting on a leather couch. In a 45-second video, Aregbesola narrated how Tinubu promised that Gboyega Oyetola would be a loyal successor, only for this not to turn out to be the case. “That was what the person (Tinubu) who brought him (Oyetola) to me told me. As I’m saying now, it will be hurting him that he said so. Has he done so?” Aregbesola added before a cheering crowd at the rally.Then, a faint voice from the crowd jeered: “Won ti n to ara.”“Won ti n to ara,” Aregbesola also chimed. Then the compere at the event re-echoed Aregbesola’s “Won ti n to ara.” SaharaReporters had reported that Tinubu, amidst his ambition for the 2023 presidential race to succeed Muhammadu Buhari, spent over four months patronising hospitals in France, the United States and the United Kingdom where he underwent several surgeries. He was flown out of the country some days to Christmas in 2020 to Paris, France. The APC leader returned to Nigeria on January 24, 2021, after a month absence from Nigeria. He also went for a medical check-up on Thursday, June 10 to France and was conspicuously absent from the one-day working visit of President Muhammadu Buhari to Lagos State. Tinubu, amidst death rumours, was forced to return to the country on Tuesday, June 15. SaharaReporters also reported that Tinubu was hospitalised in Maryland, the United States in July 2021. On August 9, the APC leader had another knee surgery at the John Hopkins University Hospital in Maryland, the United States. The APC chieftain, it was learnt, left the US for the United Kingdom on crutches, a few days after the surgery. Sources close to Tinubu had told SaharaReporters that he wanted the surgery in Paris, France but changed his plan over rumours of his death. In August, President Muhammadu Buhari paid a visit to Tinubu in London and the latter was seen with a walking stick during Buhari’s visit, confirming SaharaReporters’ story that he underwent a second surgery in the United States.  Source They were like David and Jonathan — but their friends and associates may have to brace up to save the day so that they do not end up as Cain and Abel. On Tuesday, Bola Tinubu, national leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), disbanded all political groups within the… In "News" A former Governor of Osun State, Rauf Aregbesola has asked God to bring down Ahmed Bola Tinubu, national leader of the All Progressives Congress. This comes as the fight over who becomes the next governor of Osun state intensifies. Aregbesola, who is the current Minister of Interior, spoke in Ijebu… In "News" OSOGBO ( Sundiata Post) - All Progressives Congress (APC) National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, at the weekend in Osogbo, Osun State capital, solicited support for the party's candidate in the September 22, 2018 governorship election in the state, Alhaji Isiaka Adegboyega Oyetola, saying with his impeccable credentials, competence and… In "Politics"