The Defence Headquarters has revealed that as many as 965 terrorists alongside their families and 550 children laid down their weapons and surrendered to the Nigerian troops in Borno and Yobe states within three weeks.  This was made known by Benard Onyeuko, the Director, Defence Media Operations while addressing the press on Thursday on the activities of Nigerian troops from January 20 to February 10. According to Onyeuko, troops of the Operation Hadin Kai recorded victory as 965 terrorists laid aside their weapons in different locations including Gamboru, Tumbumma, Kukawa, Baga, Gwoza, Mallam Fotori, Damboa, KirtaWulgo, Bun Yadi, Gujiba, Madiya all in Borno and Yobe states. The success, he said, is attributed to the airstrikes which eliminated several ISWAP Commanders and their fighters. He further noted that 104 of the 965 terrorists are from the Islamic State West African Province (ISWAP) Camp that was taken by troops at Marte. “The surrendered terrorists have been properly documented and handed over to the appropriate authorities for necessary action,” he said. Also, in Yobe and Borno states, no fewer than 120 fighters were neutralised by the troops while 50 of the terrorists were arrested, according to the Defence Headquarters. Weapons recovered from the terrorists include five gun trucks, 50 assorted arms and 200 rounds of different calibres of ammunition.  Source The Defence Headquarters on Thursday said over 394 armed bandits and 85 Boko Haram and Islamic terrorists were killed by troops in their various theatres of operations in the last three weeks. It said while the terrorists were neutralised in Borno communities, the bandits were killed in Zamfara, Kaduna, Kano… In "News" The Defence Headquarters says troops of Operation Hadin Kai, have in the last two weeks eliminated more than 90 Boko Haram and Islamic States West Africa Province(ISWAP) terrorists in North East. Brig.-Gen. Bernard Onyeuko, the Acting Director, Defence Media Operations, disclosed this when he gave an update on military operations… In "News" The Defence Headquarters on Thursday said a total of 13,243 repentant terrorists and their families surrendered to troops of the Armed Forces of Nigeria at different locations in the North East in the last two weeks. Speaking in Abuja on Wednesday at a briefing on military operations between October 1… In "News"