A request by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) to detain two alleged accomplice of suspended DCP Abba Kyari has been granted The order was granted by the Federal High Court in Abuja on Tuesday.  Justice Zainab Abubakar gave the order for the detention of Chibunna Patrick Umeibe and Emeka Alphonsus for 14 days in the NDLEA facility in Abuja pending investigation. Justice Abubakar gave the order after listening to the Director, Prosecution and Legal Services (NDLEA), Joseph. Sunday who moved an ex-parte application to that effect. The Deputy Force Public Relations Officer (DFPRO), Olumuyiwa Adejob, in a recent statement, said: “Interim investigations report revealed that two international drug couriers identified as Chibunna Patrick Umeibe and Emeka Alphonsus, both males, were arrested at Akanu Ibiam International Airport, Enugu, on Jan. 19. “The suspects were arrested upon their arrival from Addis Ababa aboard an Ethiopian Airlines flight ET917.“The arrest led to the recovery of substantial quantity of powdery substance suspected to be cocaine from the two narcotic couriers.“The operation which was intelligence-driven, was undertaken by a Unit of the Police Intelligence Response Team (IRT),” he said. Adejobi said the case and the two suspects were subsequently transferred to the NDLEA on Jan. 25.  source The Inspector-General of Police, Usman Baba has called for the arrest of NDLEA officers who connived with disgraced cop, Abba Kyari to traffick cocaine. The IGP urged the Chairman of National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, Brig-Gen Buba Marwa (retd), to immediately arrest the officers of the agency involved in the… In "News" The Force Headquarters, on Monday unraveled the identities of the suspected drug barons who allegedly colluded with DSP Abba Kyari and four others to ferry illicit drugs into the country. Abba Kyari and his team were declared wanted by the National Drig Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) on Monday. The suspects… In "Security" Abuja - A chieftain of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB), Simon Ekpa, says he predicted the fall of Abba Kyari long before he was indicted by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). He claimed that for spilling the blood of innocent Biafrans, he predicted that Abba Kyari would end… In "News"