Myron Pope, the former University of Alabama vice president for student life has been arrested by the West Alabama Human Trafficking Task Force on charges of soliciting prostitution.  Pope’s arrest was one of 15 in a sting in which men arranged to pay for s3x through an online app and were arrested after speaking to an undercover officer at the agreed-upon location, the Crimson White reported.“I have difficult news to share today. Vice President of Student Life Myron Pope has resigned from the University following his recent arrest,” University of Alabama President Stuart R. Bell told the campus community Friday.“We understand this news will be difficult for our community. I will appoint an interim Vice President of Student Life and that person, along with the many professionals in the division, will remain available to all of us. Please continue to take care of yourselves and one another.”Multiple media outlets report Pope was booked into the Tuscaloosa County jail on Thursday and released after posting $1,000 bail. Pope is also a former Crimson Tide football player, the Birmingham News says.The names of the other men arrested have not been released, but all 15 are charged with a misdemeanor count of soliciting prostitution as a result of the sting. Some face additional felony charges.“If buyers were not seeking commercial s3xual services, s3x trafficking would no longer be profitable. We hope these operations targeting buyers show that we take this very seriously. Our goal is to prevent future exploitation of human trafficking victims who are forced or coerced into prostitution,” West Alabama Human Trafficking Task Force Capt. Phil Simpson said in a press release Saturday.  Source By Awayi Kuje Keffi (Nasarawa State) -  Prof. Muhammad Mainoma, Vice-Chancellor, Nasarawa State University Keffi has called on the new leadership of Students’ Union Government (SUG) to close ranks with authorities of the institution for peaceful and harmonious learning environment. The vice-chancellor made the call on Monday at the inauguration… In "News" In Ikenne and Ago-Iwoye, two towns in Ogun State, terror has a name: Sunday Paul a.k.a. Blade. Mentioning his name is enough to put the fear of God in the minds of the inhabitants of these two communities who for the better part of a decade had lived in fear… In "Metro" Abuja  -  A former Vice President, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, has said that he will continue using his experience and fortune to bolster democracy and education in the country. This is contained in a statement issued by his Media Adviser, Mr Paul Ibe on Tuesday in Abuja. The News Agency of… In "News"