ABUJA – Presidential hopeful, Senator Anyim Pius Anyim, has expressed gratitude to President Muhammadu Buhari and former President Goodluck Jonathan on the kind words of support and encouragement on his 2023 bid they expressed at the celebration of of 61st birthday on Saturday in Abuja.Reviewing the event, Anyim said: “I was touched and humbled by the kind words of commendation, affirmation, recommendation, endorsement, and   encouragement from such gathering of respectable, and outstanding leaders,” Anyim, commending  magnanimous presence presence of President Muhammadu Buhari said, “President Buhari displayed  exceptional statesmanship with his kind and gracious comments. I can’t thank him enough.” Continuing he said, weighing the comments of former President Jonathan, he concluded, “My boss, President Jonathan has just sent me on an assignment to go ahead to resume the building of a Greater Nigeria on the solid foundation he laid”. Apparently overwhelmed by the mammoth crowd that graced the celebrations of his 61st birthday, Anyim Pius Anyim, a presidential hopeful, confessed, saying “I was actually stunned by the turn-out at the event marking the celebration of my 61st birthday.” He remarked that the intention of of celebrating his 61st birthday was to make up for the celebration of his 60th birthday which was slowed down by Covid restrictions. But he maintained that he was really overwhelmed by even the encomium and praises poured on him by eminent personalities who graced the occasion, saying, “I can’t find the words to express my joy today”.Explaining the circumstances surrounding the celebration of this year’s birthday, he said, “I turned 60 on the 19th of February last year. My family had planned to celebrate my 60th birthday in a big way but the Covid-19 pandemic got in the way.  So we could only invite a few close family friends to our home for a quiet cake cutting event and visits to orphanage homes”. He however noted that he never thought that 61years was such a significant number to call for a big celebration. But he however admitted that given the season we are in, his  friends and his Greater Nigeria 2023 Project Team, a group working for his presidential ambition, insisted he should mark his 61st birthday to be dedicated just for interaction with friends, associates and party faithful. With  modest planning, Anyim said, invites were sent out. But despite such humble arrangements, Anyim confessed, “I was stunned by the turn out at the Africa Hall of the Internatiobal Conference Centre Abuja today”. The roll call of dignitaries is endless he said. Starting from  President Muhammadu Buhari who sent the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Mr. Boss Mustapha to represent him, because he was out of the country, to former President Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, who he fondly described as my boss for life to former Vice-President Namadi Sambo, to former  President of the Senate, and Secretary to the PDP Board of Trustees, Distinguished Senator  Adolphus Wabara, to the executive Governor of Rivers State Nyesom Wike; Governor Samuel Ortom represented;  former Governor Attahiru Bafawara, former Governor T.A Orji, Senators, Members of the House of Representatives, ministers, PDP National, Zonal and state officials, including, leaders of other Political parties, enthusiastic Greater Nigeria 2023 Project  Partners from all over the Federation. Again by the enthusiastic endorsement of speakers and goodwill messages of people at the occasion, Anyim said, “I have heard Nigerians loudly today and I am willing and available to serve this beautiful country of ours, promising about his readiness, he said “Nigerians, here I am, Send me.”  He further extends hands to those who could not find a space inside the hall and those who sent messages of felicitation,  to Join hands with him and the Greater Nigeria 2023 Project Team  to rebuild the Nigeria we shall all be proud of. BY TONY ICHEKU •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim Ahead the 2023 presidential election, aspirants are popping up  from North, South, East and West, a normal for such very significant national election but when the going gets rough, the tough will get going. It is not out of place to predict that… In "Politics" •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim As the race for the 2023 presidential election gathers momentum, Senator Anyim Pius Anyim, frontline Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) aspirant on, on Friday took his consultations to the South-West. Anyim kicked off his consultations with the leader of the Odua Peoples Congress (OPC), Iba Gani Adams,… In "Top Stories" •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim By BERNARD AKOMA One clear message from religious preachers, which makes convincing reasoning even among unbelievers, is that God created every being for a purpose. The pastor of the church where I worship puts it this way: “if the carpenter makes that chair for a purpose,… In "Opinion"