Many prominent Nigerians among whom are Vice President of Nigeria, Professor Yemi Osinbajo and Governor Seyi Makinde on Friday stormed Ogbomoso for the burial of a former Governor of Oyo State, Christopher Adebayo Alao-Akala.  Recall that Alao-Akala ruled the state as Governor between 2007 and 2011.The former Governor who is a native of Ogbomoso died on 12th January 2022.Daily Post reports that the former Governor who was buried on Friday was a former police officer and had served as chairman of Ogbomoso North local government.The burial was attended by prominent Nigerians among whom are former Senate President, Senator Ken Nnamani; Minister of Youth and Sports, Sunday Dare and Governor Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti.Vice President Osinbajo while speaking at the burial, hailed the former Governor for being a humane and simple man, who played politics with an open mind.“Everywhere Alao-Akala went in his days as governor, you would hear the chant of ‘Oyato.’ Of course, he really did many things differently in office.“Alao-Akala practically demonstrated what is possible when you have creativity and compassion. Since his transition in January, I have read several glowing tributes to his memory and the common refrain running through all of those tributes has been the attestation to his uncommon generosity.Makinde while speaking, declared that the state government would immortalise the former governor.He said a committee headed by his Chief of Staff, Segun Ogunwuyi has been put in place to work on how best to honour the late Chief Alao-Akala.  source Prominent Nigerians have continued to visit the Ogbomoso residence of the former Governor of Oyo State, Chief Adebayo Alao-Akala , to commiserate with his family. Some of the dignitaries who visited the Opadoyin residence of the Alao-Akalas on Friday were Gov. Adegboyega Oyetola of Osun and Gov. Kayode Fayemi of… In "News" Ogbomoso -  Gov. Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo State, Inspector-General of Police, Mr Solomon Arase, and other prominent Nigerians on Friday attended the burial service for the late IGP Sunday Adewusi in Ogbomoso. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the late Adewusi died at the National Hospital in Abuja… In "Metro" Oyo State Governor, ‘Seyi Makinde, on Thursday, paid a condolence visit to the family of the late former Governor of Oyo State, Chief Adebayo Alao-Akala, saying that the state has lost, “perhaps its most experienced politician” in the former governor. Governor Makinde, while addressing the widows, family, and political associates… In "News"