Former BBNaija housemate Nengi has revealed her greatest life moments are never shared on social media. According to The nation, the reality Tv star wrote: “The best moments of my life don’t make it to social media.” In reacting to her post, while many applauded Nengi over her discrete personality others expressed sarcasm as they quizzed her concerning the information. Actress Destiny Amaka said: “Fact.” amaka_amah wrote: “Raw fact!!! smart and sensible girl. She only let u see what she want u to see ….while they wail and carry narratives up and down she goes off and then returns only do her again and off she goes.” ofuonye.diamond stated: “It’s true. You hardly know who she goes out with. The friends she keeps.” zayxon_tech asked: “Should we clap for you madam?” senamkoffie said: “Fact and that is one thing I like about her give you small something to cry and wail about but the most important one you will never see once a while she has to give u something she is an influencer and business owner she can’t go completely mute here.” queenadeola_007 wrote: “Silent move baby girl doing so well.” ukainmargaret stated: “That’s how it’s should be.” adeolaawokoya queried: “Why did you tell us this one?” oluchienehlucy said: “My baby so classy.” zerubabbabel wrote: “Facts.. the girl is too secretive.”      BBNaija reality star, Nengi Hampson has taken to social media to celebrate after acquiring an expensive house for herself. She revealed she finally acquired her dream house through dedication and hard work. Sharing a photo of the beautiful house, Nengi wrote, “2021 just keeps getting better. With consistency, dedication, and… In "Entertainment" A former BBNaija star, Nengi Rebecca Hampson has taken to her social media page to share a good news after bagging an endorsement deal with a popular smartphone company. She revealed that she's now the latest ambassador of Itel Nigeria. She showed off numerous smart-devices ranging from Itel earpods, television… In "Entertainment" Nigerians on social media have expressed disappointment over the attitude of BBNaija housemate, Ozo. No doubt the 28-year-old consultant is really in love with the former beauty queen, Nengi, but many people are now tired of the obsession as it is a one-way thing. They were recently spotted in the… In "Entertainment"