February 16, (THEWILL) – President Muhammadu Buhari has written to the Senate, seeking for the screening and subsequent Confirmation of a retired Assistant Inspector General of Police (AIG), Olugbenga Adeyanju, from Ekiti State as Commissioner of the Independent Corrupt Practises and other Related Offences Commission (ICPC). Buhari in a letter dated 9th February 2022 to the President of the Senate, Senator Ahmad Lawan, is requesting that the Senate confirms Mr Olugbenga Adeyanju, AIG (Rtd), from Ekiti State as Commissioner of the Independent Corrupt Practices and other Related Offences Commission (ICPC), representing South-West. According to the letter, issued on Wednesday by the Senior Special Assistant to the President on National Assembly Matters, Senate, Senator Babajide Omoworare, the President said that the nomination is in conformity with the provision of Section 3 (3) (a) of the Corrupt Practises and Other Related Offences Act 2000 Cap. C31 Laws of the Federation 2004, which provides that “a retired police officer not below the rank of Commissioner of Police” must be part of the composition of the Anti Corruption Commission. Omoworare said, “AIG Adeyanju is to replace earlier nominated Dr (Mrs) Mojisola Yaya-Kolade. “The President in a previous letter dated 14th September 2021, had requested the upper chamber to confirm Dr Mojisola Yaya-Kolade alongside four others as Commissioners of the Independent Corrupt Practises and other Related Offences Commission (ICPC). However, the need to fully comply with the provisions of the extant Act has necessitated the substitution. Anxiety As FG Takes Terrorism Financiers to CourtTrendingAnxiety As FG Takes Terrorism Financiers to Court“Dr (Mrs) Mojisola Yaya-Kolade, an accomplished nurse, pharmacist and physician, was also a former Ekiti State Commissioner for Health. “She had earlier been successfully screened by the Senate Committee on Anti-Corruption and Financial Crimes, but in view of the substitution, she has now been appointed by the President as a Full-time Commissioner (compensation) in the National Salaries Income and Wages Commission in accordance with the provisions of Section 2 of the Act establishing the said Commission.” The letter reads in full: “By his letter dated 9th February 2022 to the President of the Senate, President Muhammadu Buhari GCFR has requested that the Senate confirms Mr Olugbenga Adeyanju, AIG (Rtd) from Ekiti State as Commissioner of the Independent Corrupt Practises and other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) representing South-West. “The nomination is in conformity with the provision of Section 3 (3) (a) of the Corrupt Practises and Other Related Offences Act 2000 Cap. C31 Laws of the Federation 2004, which provides that “a retired police officer not below the rank of Commissioner of Police” must be part of the composition of the Anti Corruption Commission. “AIG Adeyanju is to replace earlier nominated Dr (Mrs) Mojisola Yaya-Kolade. The President in a previous letter dated 14th September 2021, had requested the upper chamber to confirm Dr Mojisola Yaya-Kolade alongside four others as Commissioners of the Independent Corrupt Practises and other Related Offences Commission (ICPC). However, the need to fully comply with the provisions of the extant Act has necessitated the substitution. “Dr (Mrs) Mojisola Yaya-Kolade, an accomplished nurse, pharmacist and physician, was also a former Ekiti State Commissioner for Health. She had earlier been successfully screened by the Senate Committee on Anti-Corruption and Financial Crimes, but in view of the substitution, she has now been appointed by the President as a Full-time Commissioner (compensation) in the National Salaries Income and Wages Commission in accordance with the provisions of Section 2 of the Act establishing the said Commission.” By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has received a request from President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm the appointment of five Commissioners to fill vacancies at the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC).  The request which was contained in a letter dated September 28, 2021,… In "Top Stories" He also urged the Upper Chamber to confirm another nominee for appointment as a Federal Commissioner of the Revenue Mobilization, Allocation and Fiscal Commission (RMAFC). The President’s requests were contained in two separate letters read by Senate President Ahmad Lawan on the floor at plenary. President Buhari in one of… In "News" The Senate Committee on Anti-Corruption and Financial Crimes on Tuesday alleged that some Federal Government agencies were secretly recruiting workers to cover up for the over-bloated personnel cost. The Chairman of the committee, Senator Kwari Suleiman, made the allegation when officials of the Independent Corrupt Practices and other related offences… In "News"