notice for the 2023 general elections in Nigeria has been published.   The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Monday published the Notice of Election (Form EC60A) via its social media handles. This is in compliance with the timetable and schedule of activities released over the weekend by INEC as well as the constitutional provisions. The electoral umpire in a tweet via its official Twitter account said the publishing of the form EC60A is in line with the first activity in the Timetable and Schedule of Activities for the 2023 General Election. The statement reads: “In compliance with Section 28 (1) of the Electoral Act 2022, which requires INEC to publish the “Notice of Election” in each State of the Federation and the FCT stating: (a) the date of the election; and(b) the place where the nomination papers are to be delivered; “and in line with the first activity in the Timetable and Schedule of Activities for the 2023 General Election, the Commission hereby publishes the Notice of Election (Form EC 60A) today, Monday 28th February 2022.” It will be recalled that over the weekend, (INEC) announced new dates for the conduct of the 2023 general elections in Nigeria. INEC Chairman, Professor Mahmood Yakubu who announced the change during a press conference in Abuja on Saturday said the new dates became necessary as a result of the 2022 amended electoral act recently signed by President Muhammadu Buhari. Naija News reports according to what the INEC Chairman said that the Presidential and National Assembly elections will now hold on Saturday, February 25, 2023, instead of the earlier announced February 18 date. Also, the governorship and state houses of assembly elections will hold on March 11, 2023.  sourcehttp://Tori The timetable for the 2023 General elections won't be released until the Electoral Act amendment bill is signed into law, The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has disclosed. This was disclosed by the commission's chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, at the first quarterly meeting with political parties for 2022. Mahmood said… In "Politics" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja -   The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has fixed July 14, 2018 and Sept. 22, 2018 for governorship elections in Ekiti and Osun States respectively. INEC National Commissioner and Chairman Voter Education and Publicity, Prince Solomon Soyebi, disclosed this while reading the timetables and schedule… In "Politics" OSOGBO -  The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) in Osun on Wednesday said it had displayed notice of the 2015 general elections in line with its timetable and schedule. A statement signed by Mrs Adenike Tadese, the Chief Public Affairs Officer of the commission, said the notice had been displayed… In "News"