The Plateau Chapter of the University of Jos Alumni Association, has called on journalists in the state to support its bid in ensuring steady growth and progress of the institution.  Mr Gad Shamaki, chairman of the association in the state, made the call when he visited the Correspondents’ Chapel of the Plateau Chapter of Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), on Friday in Jos. Shamaki, who was elected alongside other officials in December 2021, noted added that the media had a huge role to play in projecting the association and university to the world. He explained that the association had put a structure in place to ensure its alma mater was on the path of steady growth, particularly in the area of providing quality university education. “We know the powers that the media wield, especially in promoting justice, inclusiveness and good governance. “We are here to basically solicit your support, cooperation and partnership so that we can succeed in our quest of placing our alma mater on the path of steady growth,” he emphasised. Shamaki said that the association had started engaging members of the university’s host communities to ensure the security of lives and property of students and members of staff. He added that the association would also collaborate with the various security agencies in that regard. “Over the years, the university of Jos has come under series of threats, so we have started engaging stakeholders to ensure students and staff of the institution are safe at all times. “We have started engaging members of the university’s host communities, tricycle riders, bus and taxi drivers who ply university axis. “ This is to ensure that when there is break of law and order in any part of Jos, the students and staff of the university would be safe. “We will also engage the various security agencies within the university to support us in this bid “We cannot achieve all these without the media, and so we are here to create this cordial relationship toward a better future for our university and society in general,” he said. As part of its Corporate Social Responsibility, the chairman said that the association intended to open an endowment fund to support indigent students of the university. Shamaki also said that the association had started talks with the university management to ensure that foreign students willing to come and study in the university got partial scholarship. “We believe if that is done, it would create better opportunities for the university outside the shores of the country,” Shamaki said. Responding, Mr Gyang Bere, Chairman the chapel, thanked the chairman and other officials of the association for the visit. Bere promised that members of the chapel, as professional journalists, would support the association in meeting its desired objectives.  (NAN) ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The University of Jos Alumni Associat­ion (UJAA) has announced a Worthy Ambass­ador Award for a grad­uate of its universi­ty's Geology and Min­ing Department, Mr. Igho Sanomi, who is the chairman of Taleveras Group. The award will be conferred on Sanomi on September 28 at Alumni Reu­nion… In "News" By Prudence Arobani New York  -    No fewer than 500 Alumni members of the University of Lagos would converge on the U.S. city of Houston, Texas, on Friday for the formal inauguration of the North America’s chapter. The convention committee said the first-of-its-kind reunion for former students of the… In "News" There was tension in Plateau State yesterday, following the killing of 23 persons on Rukuba Road in Jos North Local Government Area on Saturday. Governor Simon Lalong, in a broadcast, announced a curfew in three local government areas. He said 23 people were killed; 23 injured, 26 rescued unhurt and… In "News"