Veteran entertainer, Onyeka Onwenu, who recently turned 70 years old, has opened up about her crashed marriage. In an interview with media personality, Kikelomo Atanda-Owo, Onyeka Onwenu who is popularly referred to as the Elegant Stallion, revealed that her ex-husband never paid for their children’s school fees from kindergarten up to master’s level. She mentioned that any man who fails to fulfill his responsibility as a father will answer to God. Onwenu stated that though she didn’t want her marriage to crash, however, the union could have killed her if she had stayed. She added that it wasn’t good for her children to live in an environment where their mother was depressed. “I really didn’t want my marriage to end, but I couldn’t take it anymore. It could have killed me, I always say and that’s the truth. And it was not good for the children to live in that kind of environment where the mother is depressed, the mother is carrying the weight of the whole family. I raised my children from kindergarten to Masters Degree. My husband did not pay school fees for one day. Didn’t buy clothes, didn’t pay for holidays, didn’t give me housekeeping money. Hard to believe huh? But he was a kind, nice and generous man. He was also generous occasionally, he would do something for you that would make you go, ‘Wow!’ But basically, there was control. If you didn’t do things the way he wanted, ‘well, I’m not going to help you, I’m not going to give you money.’ And I would like to say this to Nigerians, any man who has children, has a family and decides not to take care of them, you will have to answer to God. That’s mean, irresponsible, wicked, even to your own children. Forget about the wife. She said decided to write about it because women, we keep quiet for too long, we take so much and you’re dying.”     •Onyeka Onwenu Nigerian music legend, Onyeka Onwenu, who turned 70 a few days ago, has opened up on past struggles and why she left her marriage. The elegant stallion as she is called by her fans and admirers, in an interview with media personality, Kikilomo Atanda-Owo, said although she did… In "Technology" The ace Nigerian singer and actress, Onyeka Onwenu, has finally opened up on her connubial relationship, revealing that she got married to a Yoruba Muslim in 1984. The mother of two children, who had always kept her intimate life private, brought this revelation to light in ‘My Father’s Daughter’, her… In "Entertainment" Lagos -  Veteran musician, Onyeka Onwenu, has denied reports that she had a shouting match with Nollywood actress, Patience Ozokwor, over access to the Presidential Villa. Onyeka described the online media report as a ``lie from the pits of hell’’, adding that it was concocted to tarnish her image. The… In "Top Stories"