President Joe Biden has sent a serious warning to Russia’s President Vladimir Putin.  Biden promised that the United States and its allies will respond to Russia’s attack on Ukraine. Ukraine has been attacked by Russia through multiple borders, Ukrainian State border service reports. Biden on his Twitter page said the world will hold Russia alone responsible for the death and destruction from its attack. He described the attack on Ukraine as unprovoked, adding that President Putin has chosen a war path, which will be catastrophic. Biden wrote: “Russia alone is responsible for the death and destruction this attack will bring, and the United States and its Allies and partners will respond in a united and decisive way.“The world will hold Russia accountable.“The prayers of the world are with the people of Ukraine as they suffer an unprovoked and unjustified attack by Russian military forces. President Putin has chosen a premeditated war that will bring a catastrophic loss of life and human suffering.” The service reported that Ukraine was breached through its borders with Belarus and Russia annexed Crimea in early Thursday morning. “At about 5a.m Thursday morning, the state border of Ukraine in the area with the Russian Federation and the Republic of Belarus was attacked by Russian troops supported by Belarus,” the service said. The border service reported that the attacks are being carried out in Luhansk, Sumy, Kharkiv, Chernihiv and Zhytomyr regions areas on the eastern and northern borders of Ukraine. It said the attacks are targeting border units, border patrols and checkpoints using artillery, heavy equipment and small arms. The service added that Ukraine’s border guards, along with Ukraine’s Armed Forces and National Guard, are firing back and its air force shut down five Russian planes and several attack helicopters.  Source The United States and Russia are set to hold much-anticipated talks in January on European security and the Ukraine conflict after Moscow listed demands including to end NATO’s expansion. A spokesperson for the US National Security Council told AFP on condition of anonymity that the talks with Russia will take… In "Foreign" Nigerian socio-political activist, Reno Omokri, has blamed the United States President, Joe Biden for Russia’s attack on Ukraine.Omokri said President Putin of Russia took advantage of Biden’s weakness in Afghanistan to attack Russia. The former aide to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan said Putin smelled Biden’s weakness.In a tweet, Omokri said Biden’s… In "News" Justin Trudeau, the Canadian Prime Minister has condemned Russia. The Prime Minister on Thursday condemned Russia’s “egregious” and “unprovoked” attack on Ukraine. He also called on Moscow to immediately withdraw from the country and saying its aggression “will not go unpunished.”“Canada condemns in the strongest possible terms Russia’s egregious attack… In "News"