Former Big Brother Naija Shine Ya Eye finalist, Angel Smith, celebrated her 22nd birthday. The reality TV star took to her Instagram story to share videos of herself partying at the club to mark her new age. Angel, who was nicknamed A21 during her participation in the reality TV show last year, wrote on her Twitter page, “22 today but A21 for life; a legacy.” The BBNaija star’s mother, Titi, also took to her Instagram page to shower the birthday girl with prayers to mark her new age. The Ghanaian-based mum who recently arrived in Nigeria for her daughter’s birthday, expressed her joy at the celebration. She wrote, “My heart is full. I feel like singing and dancing to the melody of thanksgiving. It’s my daughter’s birthday! A brand new day in a brand new year heralds a new chapter filled with promises and hope. “The day is bright and beautiful. It is a sign of wonderful things ahead. Happy birthday. my bambina. “The joy of the Lord shall be your strength. His light will shine upon your ways. When the enemy of your soul comes against you like a flood, the spirit of the living God shall raise a standard. “You shall live to fulfill your destiny in Jesus name. Enjoy your day, sweetie pie. Your number one cheerleader is cheering you on. I love you my sunshine. Happy birthday.” Titi, who welcomed her daughter at 16 once revealed that she asked Angel to participate in BBNaija after her failed attempts on being on the show.      A former Big Brother Naija housemate, Ozo Chukwu, is in a celebratory mood as his mum turned 55 today March 21. The BBNaija star took to his Instagram page to specially celebrate his mum on the achieving the feat. He shared lovely new photos of her on his Instagram page… In "Entertainment" Reality TV star and first runner-up of Big Brother Naija Season 5, Dorathy Bachor has set Instagram on fire with spanking, jaw-dropping sexy pictures to mark her birthday today. The heavy- chested star started the celebration some two days ago, dropping a series of pictures to announce her birthday with… In "Entertainment" Nigerian reality star, Ike Onyema has flaunted his new lover on his Instagram page. The ex-BBNaija ‘Pepper Dem Geng’ season 4 housemate showered his new lover with lovely words as he celebrated her on her birthday. Sharing photos of her, Ike Onyema wrote: “Today is your day my sunshine, my… In "Entertainment"