The Academic Staff Union of Universities has revealed that its meeting with the Federal Government ended in a deadlock on Tuesday, February 22.  This means that the ongoing strike will continue. Last Monday, ASUU declared a one-week warning strike over claims that the Federal government has failed to meet its demands which include the revitalization of public universities, payment of earned allowances, improved funding of state universities, and promotion arrears for members. Another concern raised was the replacement of the Integrated Personnel Payroll Information System (IPPIS) with the University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS) in the payment of emoluments to members, among others. The Minister of Labour and Employment, Chris Ngige, who convened the meeting on Tuesday February 22, led the government delegation while ASUU President, Professor Emmanuel Osodeke, attended alongside other leaders of the union. A tweet shared by the association stated that the meeting was inconclusive. “ASUU – FG To Negotiate On A Later Date, Meeting Inconclusive,” the union said in the tweet Another tweet read, “The conciliatory meeting between the minister of Labour and the leadership of ASUU on Tuesday evening has come to an end with both parties refusing to brief the press on the issues that were discussed.” The new date for further negotiation by both parties is yet to be announced.  source A delegation of the Federal Government led by the Minister of Labour, Employment and Productivity, Dr Chris Ngige, met behind closed doors with the leadership of the Senate on Tuesday to appraise the University Transparency Account Systems payment platform developed by the Academic Staff Union of Universities.   The meeting,… In "Education" The Federal Government, on Monday, explained why it had not paid the University Revitalisation Fund and met other demands of the Academic Staff Union of Universities. The Minister of State for Education, Emeka Nwajiuba, who stated this in an interview with The PUNCH, said the government was working hard to… In "News" Wednesday’s suspension of the protracted strike by Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) might not restore industrial harmony in public varsities after all. Three other unions of non-academic members of staff have rejected the sharing formula adopted for the N40 billion approved by the Federal Government as Earned Academic Allowance… In "News"