The Kogi State Primary Health Care Development Agency (KSPHCDA) has denied reports  of alleged  demand  for money from clients by COVID-19 administrators for  vaccine. An NGO, the Centre for Information Technology and Development (CITAD) at a news conference  in Bauchi State,  alleged that vaccine administrators in Kogi were allegedly demanded money from clients before vaccinating them. A statement by the Executive Director of the agency, Dr Abubakar Yakubu, on Tuesday in Lokoja, said the report was misleading and far from the reality of COVID-19 vaccination in the state. He stressed that the report was most likely not true as the NGO failed to back up its purported findings with actual facts, and without using, appropriate channels. The KSPHCDA boss added that the said discovery should have been addressed to the appropriate agency in the state, rather than addressing newsmen in Bauchi. Yakubu added that the agency had been engaging in high level social sensitisation and mobilisation advocacy across communities in the state,  in order  to improve on the vaccination exercise. ”How can something we are practically persuading people to take now be the same thing  we are demanding for money before administering?,” Yakubu queried. He emphasised that the agency was closely monitoring activities of the administrators and how they persuaded people across the state to take the COVID-19 vaccine. He maintained that the claim by the NGO was practically impossible to happen in Kogi, where the Agency and the State Ministry of Health were still doing a high level advocacy and community sensitisation alongside relevant NGOs for COVID-19 vaccine uptake. ”The state government completely reject the report and thereby demand for an immediate and unreserved apology from the publisher of the fake news as well as its generator, CITAD. “Failure to tender the apology, the government will be forced to take punitive measures against the NGO and its collaborators,” he said. Meanwhile, Yakubu explained that the agency had set up a team of investigators who were painstakingly analysing the report in order to expose the perpetrators as well as the motive behind their action. Speaking to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), Mr Folayan Idowu, the State Coordinator National Primary Health Care Development Agency (NPHCDA) described the publication, as unfounded. Idowu, who is also a member of the State Joint Task Force on COVID-19 Vaccination,  said the task force had been embarking on weekly patrol to monitor the administration of COVID-19 vaccines across the state. He added that there was no record of such incident. The Federal Government on Thursday said it was satisfied with the turnout of Nigerians for COVID-19 vaccination as the number of vaccinated persons rose to 325,514. The Executive Director of the National Primary Healthcare Development Agency, Dr Faisal Shuiab, who stated this in a text message to one of our… In "News" The Bauchi State Government on Saturday inaugurated phase II COVID-19 vaccination with 100, 296 vaccines across the 20 local government areas of the state. Alhaji Baba Tela, the Chairman of the Task Force Committee on COVID-19 in the state, said this during the inauguration of the phase II COVID-19 vaccination… In "News" NGOs and residents in Edo on Wednesday kicked against the state government’s enforcement of its “No COVID-19 vaccination, no entry into government offices and other public places’’ order. Edo government carried out its threat on Sept. 13 to stop civil servants and other citizens without proof of vaccination into public… In "News"