During the week, singer, Johnny Drille, released a song titled, titled ‘You are just single’, to celebrate Valentine’s Day. The song elicited mixed reactions from fans, especially a line that says, ‘Jesus didn’t have a val’. In an interview with Saturday Beats, Drille maintained that one did not need to have a date for Valentine’s Day to feel loved. He said, “I am a Christian and if there is a role model we (Christians) should follow, it is Jesus Christ. Jesus did not have a ‘Val’ so why should anybody feel sad simply because they don’t have one. Truly, love is good, but you don’t need to have a Valentine’s date to feel loved. Jesus loves you.” The singer also stated that the inspiration behind the song was to let people know that it is okay to be single. He added, “It was a fun song to make. It was just me having fun and trying to let people know it is okay to be single. There is no stigma in not celebrating Valentine’s Day for whatever reason. I did not think it would go viral but I guess there were a lot of people who could relate with it. It feels good actually. I hope in lonely moments, someone will hear it, have a laugh and realise that they are still worthy of love, even if they don’t get gifts on Valentine’s Day.” Drille also argued that love should not only be celebrated on Valentine’s Day. He said, “One must show the people one loves that one loves them as often as possible. As a matter of fact, my debut album, ‘Before We Fall Asleep’ was meant to let people know how important it is to show love to people around them when one still has the chance. Tomorrow is not promised. Another Valentine’s Day is not promised. What we have is now and we should celebrate love every day.”  (Punch)      By Anita Eboigbe Abuja -   Alternative afropop singers Johnny Drille and Simisola Ogunleye popularly known as Simi have released a colourful video for their recent collaboration `Halleluya’ on YouTube. They both announced the release of the video on Tuesday through their Instagram handles @johnnydrille and @simplysimi where they posted… In "Entertainment" By Collins Yakubu-Hammer Abuja - Popular Nigerian Afro Pop Singer, Simisola Ogunleye a.k.a. Simi said her third studio album `Omo Charlie Champagne’ would be released on April 19, her 31st birthday. The Ojuelegba born singer who recently got  wedded to her fellow singer Adekunle Gold, took to her instagram handle… In "Entertainment" The 2018 Headies Awards held on Saturday night at the Convention Centre, Eko Hotels and Suites, Lagos . It was the 12th edition of the annual event. Davido led with four awards, including Artist of the year and Song of the year. Wizkid had three awards while Simi won the… In "Entertainment"