British singer Adele has sparked engagement rumours after she was spotted with a sizable ring on her left ring finger at the Brits Award. The music star came to the awards wearing a customised dress and the ring which drew attention. This is coming days after she mocked rumours that her relationship with Rich Paul had crashed. “Hiya, so I’m really happy to say that I am performing at the Brits next week!! Anddddd I’ll also be popping in to see Graham for a chat on the couch while I’m in town too! I’m looking forward to it! Oh, and Rich sends his love,” she tweeted. The rumours about cracks in her relationship with Paul first broke after she cancelled her Las Vegas Caesars Palace residency at the 11th hour. It was previously claimed Adele was heard “shouting and sobbing” on the phone to Rich during rehearsals. The music star was married to to Simon Konecki. Adele filed for divorce from Konecki back September 2019 after their separation in April that same year. Adele and Simon’s relationship and later marriage have always been kept away from the prying eyes of the public. The former couple started dating back in 2011 even though a lot wasn’t known about their relationship. They welcomed their only child together in 2012. (Pulse.ng)     British singer Adele has mocked those who have been speculating that her relationship with Rich Paul has crashed. The music star made this known via her Twitter page, while announcing plans to perform at the Brits award. "Hiya, so I’m really happy to say that I am performing at the… In "News" By Busayo Onijala Lagos - British singer and songwriter, Adele Adkins popularly known as Adele, has continued to surprise fans with her weight loss achievements. The ‘Hello’ singer showed off her seven stone loss in a little black dress paired with black heels for an Instagram post to mark her… In "Entertainment" London -  Popular British singer Adele added to her list of many accolades the award of best Songwriter of the Year at Britain's Ivor Novello Awards which held on Thursday. The 28-year-old winning Songwriter, whose latest album, ‘25’, shot up the charts around the world upon its release in 2015,… In "Entertainment"