Knowledge is the potent tool that propels mankind to confront and conquer challenges. It is that source of enlightenment that clears lingering doubt and confusion, thereby providing the enablement for arriving at good inferences and good judgment. It is therefore understandable the propagation of the age-old euphemism which ascribes power to knowledge. Recall some stories and cultural practices which were accepted in the dark ages of human development. The early adventurers who arrived on our shores, [colonial masters, slave traders, merchants, missionaries] fully clothed and wearing shoes, were regarded as ghosts then, because they had no toes, as perceived by the locals [their shoes having concealed their toes]. Mirrors carried along by these strangers posed a big challenge to locals, as they could not understand why and how they could see themselves [reflection] or be “duplicated” by an object held by the white man. What of when a white District Officer [DO] riding a bicycle along a narrow path in a remote village was hacked down by irate villagers, his bicycle was hung on a tree as the wheels were still revolving. This was to prevent the bicycle from continuing ahead to report them for their crime. Then the cultural practice of killing of twins as it was not the place of humans to have double deliveries like goats or lower animals. As some of these practices were eliminated through knowledge and enlightenment, some others continued till recent times like female genital mutilation, which held that a baby would die if its head made contact with that part of female genital. We understand a lot better today because of knowledge and enlightenment. Curiously enough, since the recent past we are still confronted with some deadly consequences driven by ignorance and lack of enlightenment. Religion and religious practices are means of leading humanity to paths of salvation and love of self and neighbour. But recall what happened in Guyana 44 years ago. In 1978 a certain religious sect leader, by name Rev Jim Jones, convinced hundreds of his adherents to gulp a concoction of cyanide-laced juice, to facilitate granting them access to a better place than this world. Hundreds, who did, including children, lost their lives and some who resisted were gunned down as they tried to escape. This is misapplication of religion and its deadly consequences. It is a sure proof that ignorance knows no boundaries and must be confronted. Today a very worrisome trend, ignited by extreme ignorance, has crept into various parts of this country and if not immediately addressed, its consequences would make a mockery of the ignorance of the dark ages. WEALTH THROUGH RITUALS AND RITUALISM is fast spreading throughout Nigeria, cutting across age grades and social groups. Human life and human parts are being sacrificed in the belief that wealth will be readily acquired. The gullible folks, who out of ignorance, believe in this falsehood, fail to ask how wealthy the ritualists or the cultists themselves are. This is the time for education and enlightenment of the entire populace for us to save lives and encourage the gullible and the uninformed citizenry to look for legitimate ways of labour and livelihood. It is only proper that we call on the orientation agency of this country, the National Orientation Agency [NOA] to see this mushrooming scourge as a crucial challenge to be confronted immediately. We cannot allow ignorance to fester at this point in time in this country. Ministries, Departments and Agencies must begin to execute their prime roles and responsibilities to the letter, for good governance and development. •Sir Jonas writes from Abuja, Nigeria. Abuja (Sundiata Post)  - For some time, there have been reports that some ritualists, also known as ‘Yahoo boys’, have been stealing female underwear, sometimes at gunpoint, particularly around campuses of tertiary institutions in Delta State. Although the veracity of the claims that such stolen undies are used for ritual… In "News" By Mercy Obojeghren   Asaba -  Civil Society Organisations (CSOs) in Delta have called on the state Police Command to properly investigate the suspects that allegedly killed a female student of Delta State University, Abraka, Miss Elozino Ogege. The CSOs, under the umbrella name of Advance Forum on Sustainable Development,… In "Metro" Iniobong Umoren was a young woman in her early 20's who lived in Uyo, the  Akwa  Ibom  State capital. She shared, on Twitter, her need for a job, and one Twitter user named Uduak Akpan asked her for a private chat concerning her application.  According to police reports, Mr Akpan asked Ms Umoren to meet him at a particular… In "Column - Monday"