 Saturday’s Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Area Councils Poll, witnessed massive turnout of voters in Bwari, as residents expressed enthusiasm over the opportunity to vote. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that most voting centres in Bwari were filled with the electorate trying to vote for candidates of their choice. Some of those interviewed expressed happiness over the election. Mr Azu John, a resident, said that he was ready to vote for the candidate of his choice. “I am excited that the D-day is finally here and the opportunity to vote for my candidate.” We are out as you can see, we are waiting for the officials to start the process so we can vote and leave everything in God’s hand,” he said.Another resident, Miss Martha Aboyi, said she came out quite early so that she can be attended early, saying that she believed that her candidate would win.A commercial motorcyclist, Mr Ali Musbau, said he plans to keep his motorcycle by joining his friends to vote around 10 a.m.NAN reports that INEC officials had arrived in most polling units in readiness for accreditation of voters, ahead of the election. (NAN) Bwari (FCT)  -   The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has decried the low collection of Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) by residents of Bwari Area Council of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja. INEC officials expressed their displeasure in separate interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) at designated… In "Politics" Abuja - The All Progressives Congress (APC) were on the front foot Saturday night after the local government elections held in Lagos and Ogun states, with the party winning in all the 20 local government areas whose results were released by the Lagos State Independent Electoral Commission (LASIEC) at press… In "Top Stories" Bwari (FCT)  -   Voters in Bwari Area Council of the FCT trooped out in large numbers on Saturday to elect a chairman and councillors of their choice. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the impressive turnout was a deviation from previous elections, where voters' apathy was noticeable.… In "Politics"