Gov Nyesom Wike has taken a swipe at his Imo state counterpart, Hope Uzodinma, stating that he has failed.  He said this has made reclaiming the Government House Owerri easy for the members of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in 2023.Gov. Wike made the claim during the special grand reception organised to celebrate the National Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Samuel Anyanwu by the Imo State PDP chapter in Owerri, on Wednesday.Governor Wike said he was at the reception to stress the need for the PDP to plan and reclaim the Governorship seat in Imo State.“The only mistake that we will make to allow the man to come back is for us not to work together, and we will not make that mistake.“Now, all of us must unite. If there is no party, there will be no governor. If there is no party, there will be no president.“Let nobody fear, nobody can intimidate us. Can you be intimidated? All that time has passed when somebody that carried fourth will come first. It will never happen again,” he said.Wike at the event also mocked the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, for postponing its national convention earlier scheduled for February 26 to March 26.  source By Ikechukwu Iweajunwa   Owerri  -    Gov. Rochas Okorocha has said that the members and leaders of All Progressives Congress, APC, in Imo are not aware that Sen. Hope Uzodinma has joined the party. The party in the state heard about the rumour of his entry into the party like… In "News" A group, PDP Renaissance, urged former President Goodluck Jonathan as well as the Governor of Rivers state, Nyesom Wike, to speak up against the recent Supreme Court’s judgment that sacked the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Emeka Ihedioha as the governor of Imo state. The group, in a… In "News" By Ikechukwu Iweajunwa Owerri - Former Imo Gov. Rochas Okorocha has felicitated Sen. Hope Uzodinma of the All Progressives Congress (APC) over the Supreme Court rulling declaring him the winner of the 2019 governorship election in Imo. But some stakeholders in the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state described… In "Politics"