Minister of Power Abubakar Aliyu has pledged the ministry’s support to the Bureau of Public Service Reforms (BPSR) in carrying out its mandate of good governance. Aliyu disclosed this in a statement on Wednesday in Abuja by Mr Odutayo Oluseyi, Assistant Director in the Ministry of Power. He said this when he received the Director General of the BPSR, Mr Arabi Dasuki, and his team in his office. While pledging his support and cooperation to the BPSR, Aliyu said that the bureau’s work would continue to guide the activities and programmes of the ministry. He said that though the reform process takes time, the Nigeria Electricity Supply Industry (NESI) has both government and private sector involvement. “The reforms of the public service which the BPSR is championing through its measuring instrument will further propel the ministry of power to perform optimally.” Speaking earlier, Dasuki commended the reforms in the power sector, stating that their visit was to further reintroduce the BPSR to the ministry. According to him, BPSR mandate is to initiate action on reforms in the public service by coordinating, monitoring and evaluating the implementation. He said that the reforms in the financial sector, especially the single treasury account in operation in the country, has attracted about three countries who have come to study its operations and successes at curbing corruption. Dasuki said the three agencies being studied by the foreign delegations are the Nigerian Communication Commission (NCC), the Security and Exchange Commission (SEC), and the Treasury Single Account (TSA) reform initiative. He said that several reform policies initiated by the BPSR have brought public financial management in Nigeria at par with other public financial management administrations in the world. “BPSR, since its establishments, along with other sister agencies, have driven public financial management reforms in Nigeria. “We are the brain behind the introduction of the Bank Verification Number (BVN), TSA, and quite a number of things around public financial management. “We have succeeded in making the public service of Nigeria to be among those the international community, especially the World Bank and International Monetary Fund have acknowledged,” he said Mr Dasuki Arabi, the Director-General, Bureau of Public Service Reforms (BPSR) says reforms in the power sector have helped to regulate and restructure the industry for quality service delivery to consumers. Arabi made this known when Mr Aliyu Tahir, the Managing Director, Nigerian Electricity Management Agency (NEMSA) led a delegation… In "News" Abuja -  The Bureau of Public Service Reforms (BPSR) has said that the ongoing restructuring in the civil service is not targeted at sacking any civil servant in the country. Director-General of the bureau, Mr Joe Abah, made the disclosure in Abuja on Tuesday during while exchanging views with officials… In "News" By Kate Obande-Okewu/Funmi Adeyemi Abuja -   The Federal Government has called on civil servants to key into the Federal Integrated Staff Housing (FISH) programme for better housing loan system. Dr Hannatu Fika, Executive Secretary, Federal Government Staff Housing Loans Board (FGSHLB), made the call at a Seminar organised by… In "News"