A group of Osun State intellectuals and stakeholders led by Emeritus Prof. Deremi Abubakre will hold a public lecture to celebrate the achievements of Gov. Adegboyega Oyetola.  Announcing the Feb. 12 event in a press release made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Osogbo, Abubakre noted that Oyetola had recorded landmark achievements in Osun in all aspects of socio-economic development.The release stated thatProf. Kayode Alao, formerly Dean of Education, Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife, will be the guest speaker at the occasion.It announced that the public lecture would take place at Iwo town, headquarters of Iwo Local Government Area.Gov. Oyetola is the Guest of Honour while Dr Amidu Tadese,Commissioner for Water Resources and Energy is one of the distinguished guests, according to the release.The release announced that topic of the lecture is, “Ileri-Oluwa Beyond 2022: Governance for Sustainable Human Development”.The convener of the lecture is Ileri Oluwa Purposeful Youths – with members covering the three local governments of Ayedire, Iwo, and Ola-Oluwa.The release explains that the organisers are youths working for the governor’s success from the areas in the state that make up Iwo Federal Constituency.“The topic is central to our quest for a God given brilliant victory to our amiable Governor in his reelection.“The timing, which is a week to the primary election, is coming at the right time,” the organisers said in the release.  (NAN) By Razak Owolabi Abuja - Prof. Razaq Abubakre, a former Vice-Chancellor, Al-Hikmah University, Ilorin, has thanked President Muhammadu Buhari for establishing a Federal College of Education at Iwo, Osun State. Abubakre, the immediate past Federal Commissioner of Public Complaints Commission for Osun State, expressed his gratitude in a statement in… In "Education" On January 11, some prominent members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) as well as members of the cabinet of Osun State Governor, Gboyega Oyetola, were at the party national secretariat in Abuja to pick Expression of Interest and Nomination Forms for him to contest the July 16, 2022 Governorship… In "Opinion" Following the timetable recently released by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Osun State Governorship Election, lead actors in the politics of the state have commenced massive mobilisation to determine the likely candidates of the leading political parties, reports Associate Editor, Sam Egburonu. Osun State’s politics has received fresh… In "Politics"