Super Eagles vice captain, William Troost-Ekong has pleaded with the Nigeria Football Federation, NFF, to make the pitch of the Moshood Abiola stadium in Abuja conducive for football when they take on the Black Stars of Ghana in a World Cup play-off reverse fixture next month. Nigeria will square up against perennial rivals, Ghana in a two-legged to decide who picks one of the five tickets to represent Africa in Qatar later this year. Although the team used the facility during their preparation for the AFCON, this crop of players have not played a competitve football match in the stadium, as most of their games have been at the Godswill Akpabio Stadium in Uyo, the Stephen Keshi Stadium in Asaba, Samuel Ogbemudia Stadium in Benin and only recently, the Teslim Balogun Stadium in Lagos. The Watford man who will most likely lead the team out expressed his concerns in a virtual meeting held on Tuesday night. He asked for the pitch to be in ‘pristine condition’ for the return leg encounter, saying the Garoua pitch where they played all their AFCON games made it easy for them to play good football. “We loved the pitch of the stadium in Garoua and it helped us play some good football”, Ekong said “We would be delighted if the Abuja Stadium is in similar condition for the second leg.” The recently renovated MKO Stadium is complete with nursery beds, two digital scoreboards, 24 sprinklers, and two-year maintenance, as part of the contract reached with Dangote Industries under the Adopt-a-Pitch Public-Private Partnership initiative of the Ministry of Youth and Sports Development. By Georgina Bode Abuja  -  An official of the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF), Christian Emeruwa, on Thursday urged Match Commissioners to take as their priority safety and security during and after football matches. Emeruwa, who is the Federation’s National Security and Integrity Officer, gave the advice in his presentation at… In "Sports" By Chimezie Anaso Awka -  A Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) team have inspected the FC IfeanyiUbah International Stadium, Nnewi in Anambra, to ascertain its readiness to host the CAF Confederation Cup. The club’s Media Officer, Ikenna Nwokedi, said on Friday in Awka that the three-man inspection team was expected to… In "Sports" By Precious Imonigie and Victor Okoye Abuja -   A cross-section of Nigerian football enthusiasts on Monday in Abuja said the Black Stars of Ghana deserve plaudits for putting up a brilliant performance in Sunday’s WAFU Cup final match. In separate interviews conducted by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN),… In "Sports"