…says rescue mission on course By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Benue State Governor Samuel Ortom has expressed happiness with the victory of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the  just concluded election in Jos North/Bassa Federal Constituency seat Governor Ortom who was the chairman of the PDP campaign council while praising  the perseverance and determination of the PDP faithful and its candidate that earned the victory, commended Governor Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State who was the co-chairman of the campaign council for holding firm, the party’s structures in the run up to the election. This was contained in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur made available to Sundiata Post on Sunday in Abuja. In a statement he issued on Sunday, February 27th, 2022, the Governor said: “With this victory, it is no longer in doubt where the people stand in 2023. It is a clear road map that Nigerians have aligned with the PDP in its mission to rescue and rebuild Nigeria from the misrule of the APC”, he stated. Governor Ortom was pleased that despite the intimidation by agents of the state government in Plateau, the people demonstrated their resolve and indomitable spirit in the pre-election, during the election and even post-election. He assured Nigerians that the PDP will live up to its billings by working for the peace, welfare and restoration of security of the citizens of the country. Governor Ortom promised that PDP will return Nigeria to an egalitarian society where every citizen irrespective of tribe or religion can pursue his or her legitimate ambition in any part of Nigeria without fear of intimidation or molestation. He said that even though the PDP lost in the state assembly by-election, “it was a slim margin. This means that our projection is on course.” A couple of weeks ago, Ortom as the chairman of the PDP campaign council in the Federal Capital Territory council polls, led the PDP to victory against the APC which had the President and the minister in Abuja. He said that with the series of victories recorded by the party in recently conducted elections, “it is a clear testimony that Nigerians are tired of the inept leadership of the APC. And we will not disappoint Nigerians in our resolve to rebuild the country from the ruins of the current misrule.” The PDP candidate in the Jos North/Bassa Federal Constituency bye-election, Hon. Musa Agah Avia was declared the winner after he polled a total of 40,343 votes. Avia, who is the current member representing Irigwe/Rukuba Constituency in the Plateau State House Assembly, was closely followed by the Peoples Redemption Party’s candidate, Mohammed Adams Gwani, who polled 37, 857 votes, while the ruling APC candidate, Joseph Abbey Aku came a distant 3rd, polling 26, 111 votes. The Governor on behalf of the PDP campaign council for the Plateau federal representative seat congratulated members of the campaign council, the PDP national leadership, Governors and stakeholders in Plateau State for the support given to them to achieve the victory.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The People's Democratic Party, PDP is to challenge the victory of the All Progressives Congress, APC in three council areas of Kwali, Abaji and Gwagwalada in the February 12th council election in the Federal Capital Territory, FCT Abuja. Governor Samuel Ortom who was… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), has alarmed the general public, over plot to relocate the governorship appeal panel to Abuja, the nation's capital. In a statement signed Tuesday evening by the state publicity secretary, Bemgba Iortyom, the party totally… In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) says the silence of President Muhammadu Buhari over the attempted assassination of Samuel Ortom, governor of Benue state, calls for serious concern. On Saturday, gunmen suspected to be herdsmen attacked Ortom’s convoy while on a visit to his farm. In a… In "Top Stories"