The Edo Command of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), has disclosed the arrest of 11 suspected illegal Nigerien migrants and 10 kidnap suspects.  Mr Aniekan Udoeyop, the State Commandant of the corps, made the disclosure on Monday in Benin, during a media briefing. According to Udoeyop, the suspects were arrested along the Ekpoma-Auchi road, based on intelligence and distress call from the area. He explained that on Feb. 11, the command received a distressed call about the suspicious movement of some persons along the Ekpoma-Auchi expressed. He said he promptly directed his personnel to swing into action, and in the process, the suspects were arrested. The state commandant said that investigations were still ongoing, and plans were being made to return the illegal migrants back to their country. “We will liase with relevant security agencies and see how they can be returned back to their country. “We also arrested three of the main culprits who brought them in under the guise of given them lucrative jobs. “I will therefore advice parents to be cautious of whom they give their children out to. “Some of this lucrative jobs these human traffickers promise are actually not there, and it’s just their ploy to modernize slavery”, he said. He however said that the three suspected human traffickers would face the full weight of the law. On the kidnap suspects, the commandant said that they were arrested with exhibits like charms, machetes and other dangerous weapons. He added that the suspects also tried to utilise their charms on the personnel of the corps, but unluckily for them, their charms failed.  NAN Benin  -   The Edo Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) destroyed 12 illegal refineries in the state in 2016, Mr Benito Eze, the state Commandant of the corps, has said. Eze made the disclosure on Thursday in Benin while briefing newsmen on the achievements of… In "Metro" Benin - The Edo Command of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defense Corps (NSCDC) says it apprehended  28 persons for various criminal offences between July and September. Mr Makinde Ayinla, Commandant of the Corps in the state made this known to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), in Benin on… In "Metro" Ikeja  -The Lagos State Command of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) on Monday said it had arrested 13 suspected pipeline vandals. The Commandant, Mr Gabriel Abafi, who made the disclosure while addressing journalists at Ikeja, said the suspects were arrested on Aug. 5 and Aug. 7. Abafi… In "News"