ABUJA – The Department of Mass Education Committee on the out of School Children and Internally Displaced Children of the Education Secretariat of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has step up its intervention mandate to the various IDP camps in the nation’s capital. Speaking during the donations of food items, provision and learning materials to the three centres spread across AMAC in the FCT, the Chairman and Director, Department of Mass Education, Hajia Titilayo Alayande said, the intervention is just one part of the Department mandates which is very key in sustaining the learner’s interest in the provision of affordable and accessible Education for all. She explained that, the Committee’s task among others is to ensure the out of School Children and Internally Displaced Children have Education and Skill development, livelihood counselling and gender-based issues.  She stated that, fulfilling these mandates, the committee commenced their task without delay. She noted that the FCT Administration is of great concern and have taken practical measures to intervene by putting in place the Committee to seek ways of catering for these categories of people while motivating them towards achieving holistic Education for all. According to her, the Life Builders Education Initiative, a Non Governmental Organization was discovered when she assumed office and they have visited,monitor and involved them in their various activities such as International Literacy Day and Children’s Day Celebration among other activities. She said, the NGO story is becoming a success stories and commended the NGO for their humanity efforts adding that they still need support from other organisations on feeding and start off fund after acquiring skills,so we are ready for collaborations for robust success. Alayande further stated that the NGO is complementing Government efforts and assuring them of FCT Administration concern in this regards appreciating the Honourable Minister, Minister of State and Permanent Secretary for their commitment to making education affordable and accessible. In his remarks, the Chief Executive of the NGO, Life Builders Education Initiative ,Dr. Sanwoola David said,it is heartwarming for them to received this enormous intervention from the Department of Mass Education Committee on out of School Children and Internally Displaced Children of the Education Secretariat. He explained that they have high expectations from the Government in their various Centres across the FCT and Nasarrawa adding that, the efforts of DME will significantly get children and youth off the streets noting that the ones in all these centres are eager to learn while calling on well-meaning individuals for support in the areas of Scholarship, Home-grown School feeding and Skill Acquisition training among their needs because the Displaced Children are Nigerians who should be able to benefit from their fatherland. He expressed his delight for the intervention adding that the Centre engaged in Basic education, skill acquisition, fish farming and have a clinic where their parents come for medical needs. David said, the population is growing each day and the Children’s ability to learn is encouraging urging all well-meaning individuals to come to their aids to give these children Education so that, together, we can ameliorate their sufferings and traumatic experiences due to insurgents. In her remark, the Deputy Director and DME Zonal Coordinator of AMAC,Mrs Victoria Nwaorgu said, the intervention by the DME is a great relief to ease their burden because they have been coming to the various centres to engage and assist them. She added that there is a need for the establishment of Literacy and skill acquisition centres in the five centres to be manned by our facilitators. Abuja  - Damian Aleburu, the eight-year-old Face of Hope Foundation 2015 “king of Hope”, on Friday, donated educational items to children in Internally Displaced Persons (IDP) camp in the FCT. The young “king of Hope, who was accompanied by the Founder of the foundation, Miss Grace Ojo, said that the… In "News" United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) says it is working towards providing a befitting learning centre for over 3000 out-of- school children at the Ukpam Internally Displaced People’s (IDP) camp in Guma Local Government Area of Benue. UNICEF Chief Field Officer, Dr Ibrahim Conteh, stated this on Saturday in Ukpam while… In "News" Uhogua (Edo) - The Comptroller-General of Customs, retired Col. Hammed Ali, on Friday donated relief materials to Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in Edo. Presenting the materials in Uhogua community, Ovia North East local government area of the state, Ali said this was to improve their standard of living. He added… In "News"