Don’t Limit PVCs’ Use To Bank Account Opening, APC Youths Task Nigerians The Bishop, Diocese on the Coast, Church of Nigeria, Anglican Communion, Rt. Revd Olusegun Pirisola, has said electorates may stone politicians in the next election, if they continue to fail to deliver on their campaign promises. Preaching at the funeral service for a former state Director of Public Prosecution (DPP), Chief Augustus Akenroye, at Ebenezer Anglican Cathedral, Ilutitun-Osooro, Okitipupa Council, Pirisola said: “I have been a bishop in the past ten years, no light in this community. We are not happy with government and I pray that people will not stone politicians when they come to campaign during the election. “When you talk of old Ondo politics, we have Owo, Akure and Okitipupa. And of these three senatorial districts, no light in one senatorial district, are they saying we are not part of this state?” He blamed government at all levels for the continued power outage in the South Senatorial District of the state. According to him, those affected in the four local councils: Ilaje, Okitipupa, Irele and Ese-Odo, have lost hope in representative democracy and leadership style of the present day politicians. Pirisola lamented the 12 years that over 2000 communities have been cut off the national power grid. Meanwhile, the Deputy National Youth leader of All Progressives Congress (APC), Bolaji Repete, has said youths should make their votes count in the next general election by voting, stating that Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) are used at polling units and not on social media platforms or just for opening of bank accounts. Speaking at a one-day zonal youth leaders’ sensitisation and capacity building meeting in Akure, yesterday, tagged: “Unleashing the potentials of APC Youth leadership”, Repete said: “A lot of people think PVCs are restricted to opening bank account. It is for choosing leaders and participating in the political processes. A lot of youths will go to social media to complain. There is no polling unit on social media.” Similarly, APC South West Zonal Youth Leader, Paff Lawal, urged Ondo APC youths to unite and work collectively for the party’s advancement. Lawal noted that winning the Akure North/Akure South Federal Constituency bye election and the two governorship elections in Ekiti and Osun states require combined efforts and sacrifices of youths in the region. He underscored the need to close ranks, mobilise their network and make sacrifices for the APC By Blessing Odega   Jos   -    Bishop Jwan Zhumbes, the Bishop of the Church of Nigeria (Anglican Communion), Diocese of Bukuru, has urged the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to be fair to all political parties in the 2019 polls. Zhumbes made this call on Sunday in Jos at the… In "Politics" ZARIA (KADUNA STATE) - The Anglican Bishop of Wusasa Diocese in Zaria, Kaduna State, Rt. Rev. Ali Buba-Lamido, on Saturday advocated death penalty for corrupt public office holders. He made the call at the Sixth Synod of the Wusasa Diocese of the Anglican Communion, held in Zaria, Kaduna State. According… In "News" By Aderemi Bamgbose Ilutitun - The town of Ilutitun in Okitipupa Local Government Area of Ondo State was on Friday thrown into mourning following the death of Rt. Rev. Joshua Ogunele, the Bishop of the Diocese on the Coast, Church of Nigeria (Anglican Communion). Ogunele, aged 69, was said to… In "News"