A serious warning has been issued to the federal government by the Biafra Nations League.  The group while also warning courts said that the long detention of ‘Biafrans’ in various prisons and custody across the country must end immediately. The group said it would not tolerate the government and law institutions in the country using long adjournment to frustrate Biafrans. BnL deputy leader, Ebuta Takon, said this when he addressed reporters in Ikom, Cross River State, on Monday in reaction to the April 14 adjournment of the trial of Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). The secessionist group warned that the court should not allow itself to be used as an agent of intimidation to citizens, being the last hope of the common man. “Justice delayed is justice denied. They’re delaying because they’re in control of every court. Keeping our people in detention to suffer and frustrate them, we will not allow that”, he said. “We’ll come up with a strategy that will be a big problem to them and they wouldn’t know how to go about it”. BNL further boasted that it is fast becoming a challenge in the Gulf of Guinea and a threat to doing business in that area. It also boasted of directly controlling some militant groups among which are the ‘Black Marine’, in the Bakassi Peninsula. The IPOB leader is facing terrorism charges before the Justice Binta Nyako-led Abuja Federal High Court.  Source According to a report by SaharaReporters, the many members of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) have vowed to storm Abuja, the nation’s capital for the trial of their leader, Nnamdi Kanu at the Federal High Court, Abuja on Monday. The group also told the Attorney-General of the Federation, Abubakar… In "News" Owerri Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) Nnamdi Kanu has petitioned the President of the court of appeal, for failing to hear the appeal against the group declared as a terrorist group. Kanu, through the group’s media and publicity secretary, Emma Powerful wrote to the chairman, National Judicial… In "News" Biafra Internal Government (BIG) has refuted report alleging that the founder and leader of Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB) otherwise called Biafra Independent Movement (BIM), Chief Ralph Uwazuruike had collapsed MASSOB structure to Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). Chief Minister of the group, Anambra… In "News"