Presidential aspirant and national leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has warned those thinking of intimidating him that he is ready to get dirty.The former governor of Lagos State gave the warning while speaking during his consultation with the Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi and the Olubadan-designate, Oba Lekan Balogun. Tinubu stated that no matter the intimidation he faces, he won’t halt his 2023 presidential ambition. Speaking at the Olubadan-designate’s palace in Ibadan, he noted that succeeding Buhari is a life-long ambition, adding that no one can stop him. Tinubu said: “No amount of intimidation can stop me. I am ready to get dirty. I am out to become President of Nigeria. We are at a crossroad.” Speaking earlier at the palace of the Alaafin, the Jagaban said he cannot embark on a project (presidency) of such magnitude without seeking for prayers and cooperation of the traditional rulers. “I am here to inform our fathers of my decision to run for the position of the President of this country in 2023. What I need from our highly referred traditional rulers are their prayers and cooperation. “Today, by the special grace of God in Yorubaland unlike before we have the Vice-President, the Minister of Works, Interior and Sports but we still need more,” Tinubu said. Reports had emerged claiming that governors elected on the platform of the APC are divided over Tinubu’s presidential ambition. With some asking him to remain a kingmaker and back the ambition of Vice President Yemi Osinbajo or someone else, others are asking party stakeholders to reward him with the presidency for helping their careers and supporting Buhari. •Bola Ahmed Tinubu  IBADAN - National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and former governor of Lagos State, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has said he will overcome all the challenges rising against his 2023 presidential ambition.  He gave the assurance on Saturday in a brief chat with journalists shortly… In "Top Stories" An elder statesman, Chief Reuben Fasoranti, on Tuesday declared his support for the national leader of the All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Ahmed Tinubu, ahead of the 2023 presidential election. He described Tinubu as a qualified Nigerian who has all it takes to govern the country. Fasoranti spoke when Tinubu supporters… In "News" The Olubadan of Ibadanland, Oba Saliu Adetunji, has thrown his weight behind the Presidential ambition of Chief Bola Ahmed Tinubu, the All Progressives Congress (APC) National Leader in 2023. The Olubadan expressed his support while receiving members of the Tinubu Vanguard, a support group for Tinubu’s presidency project in Ibadan… In "Politics"