AKURE – A suspected ritual killer, Timothy Odeniyi, who was arrested by men of the Amotekun Corps in Ondo with human parts has confessed that he was promised N30m if he could produce and deliver the parts to Lagos. The 35-year-old who made this confession while speaking with newsmen after he was paraded by the Amotekun officials in Akure said the human parts were meant to be sold to someone who contracted him for rituals. Odeniyi, a truck driver with a brewery company, who was arrested in Ondo town, headquarters of Ondo West Local Government Area of the state, said the human parts were billed to be delivered to one of his bosses in the waste disposal section for money ritual. “I went to the burial ground to cut the legs and hands of one of the corpses buried there. Before I was caught, I had planned to take the human parts to the person that sent me to Lagos. He promised to pay me N30 million once I deliver the items. “I only went to the burial ground in the Sabo area of Ondo town to cut the parts, I didn’t kill anybody and this is my first time. I used to be a trailer driver. The person that sent me used to be my boss when I used to drive a truck. I used to dump it in a waste bin and he will send those who will pick it,” he said But the Amotekun Commander in the state, Chief Adetunji Adeleye dismissed the suspect’s claims, saying the suspect purposely killed the victim before severing the parts and hurriedly buried the body in a shallow grave. Adeleye said “We want to intimate the public on the need to be very careful. Of late the trend is shifting gradually from daily kidnapping to ritual killings. The public should be generally careful about the craze to make money by these young men. “Upon interrogation, he took us to where he severed the body of the person killed and hurriedly buried the person in a shallow grave. He was arrested in Ondo town and committed the crime on January 30, 2022. “We want to warn the public to be careful of who they go out with. We have a number of them that we are still investigating that will go out with their girlfriends solely for her purpose of killing them for ritual purposes. I think the public should be wary and careful about this,” he said. The Amotekun boss also disclosed that about 35 suspected kidnappers, armed robbers and vandals have been apprehended by the men of the state security outfit He said some underage herders who contravene the anti-grazing laws of the state were also apprehended, while some criminals who disguised as scavengers were also arrested in various parts of the state. “Within this January, we arrested about 150 suspects of various crimes and out of them, 32 are still currently with us. Some of them are suspected kidnappers, armed robbers and some of them were involved in the vandalisation of 132 KVA power lines under construction. “Some of them were ex-convicts that ran away from prison cells, some of them jumped bail and rearrested. Some of them pretend as if they are scavengers but we found weapons, guns, locally made pistols in their trolley. “The teenagers among the suspects were caught contravening the underage anti-open grazing law. They were found to be grazing with about 300 cows. They were about 10 to 11 years of age. We are still waiting for their parents to come and face the music. “Some of them will be handed over to the police for further investigation, especially the homicide issue after discreet investigation, the remaining ones will be taken to court for prosecution,” he added. (Nigerian Tribune) According to a report by The Nation, some of the suspected killers of Oba Israel Adeusi, the Olufon of Ifon who was the traditional ruler of Ifon in Ose local government, have been arrested. Identity of the suspects was yet to be made public because of the ongoing investigation into… In "News" A suspected ritualist, Abideen Raheem, has admitted exhuming a body, severing its head and selling it to a friend for N25,000. Raheem, 42, was among 43 suspects paraded by the Oyo State Police Command in Ibadan yesterday. Speaking with journalists, the suspect said he sold the body part to a… In "News" Some suspected killers of the traditional ruler of Ifon in Ose local government, Oba Israel Adeusi, the Olufon of Ifon, have been arrested. Identity of the suspects was yet to be made public because of the ongoing investigation into the killing. They were arrested by a combine team of security… In "News"