BY SEGUN FATUASE LAGOS – A Lagos high court has sentenced kidnap kingpin, Chukwudumeme Onwuamadike , also known as Evans to life imprisonment for conspiracy and kidnapping . In a three-hour judgement, Justice Hakeem Oshodi sentenced Evans and two of his accomplices, Uche Amadi and Okwuchukwu Nwachukwu to life imprisonment on a two-count chargec of conspiracy and kidnapping of a businessman, Donatus Duru, Managing Director of Maydon Pharmaceuticals Ltd.The judge held that the prosecution had successfully proved the charges against the three convicts beyond any reasonable doubt.In his verdict on Evans, the judge held that he observed the demeanour of the witness, stating that in some of the confessional videos played in court, Evans had mentioned some of the other defendants and the roles they played in the crime.“He was seen freely laughing and willingly answered questions. A close look at his body shows no sign of torture. He did not look unkempt. He is seen laughing even when he was told that he must be a rich kidnapper,” Justice Oshodi said.“He showed no remorse in the dock and tried to lie his way out of the crimes despite the video evidence.”He concluded that the evidence tendered before the court especially their video confessions corroborated their guilt.The court however discharged and acquitted Ogechi Uchechukwu and two former soldiers of the Nigerian Army, Chilaka Ifeanyi and Victor Aduba for lack of sufficient evidence linking them to the crime. Justice Hakeem Oshodi of an Ikeja High Court on Friday ordered the Lagos State Office of the Public Defender to take over the defence for alleged kidnap kingpin, Chukwudimeme Onwuamadike, alias Evans due to his inability to afford legal fees. During Friday’s proceedings, the Lagos State Attorney-General, Mr Moyosore Onigbanjo… In "News" Claim: An online news medium “tmnewsonline” (TM news magazine) and several other platforms, including observer times, kanyidaily, nigerianjournal, thecitypulsenews on August 18, 2020 published a report that kidnap kingpin Chukwudumeme Onwuamadike (a.k.a. Evans) had been sentenced to death by Lagos High Court.Verdict: The claim that Lagos High Court sentenced the… In "News" Claim: An online news medium “tmnewsonline” (TM news magazine) and several other platforms, including observer times, kanyidaily, nigerianjournal, thecitypulsenews on August 18, 2020 published a report that kidnap kingpin Chukwudumeme Onwuamadike (a.k.a. Evans) had been sentenced to death by Lagos High Court. Verdict: The claim that Lagos High Court sentenced… In "News"