An All Progressives Congress chieftain in Rivers State, Magnus Abe, says Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, is not God, noting that he can become the next governor of the South-South state without the support of the former governor. Abe, a former member of the red chamber who represented Rivers South-East Senatorial District, stated this on Wednesday while featuring as a guest on Channels Television’s ‘Politics Today’ programme monitored. Abe was once Secretary to the State Government when Amaechi was Rivers governor between May 2007 and May 2015 but the two politicians fell apart thereafter due to political differences, though members of the same party. Speaking on the television programme, Abe said the feud in the APC in Rivers is beyond himself and the minister. He said, “I don’t think it is about me and Rotimi Amaechi being on good terms or bad terms, the reality of our situation is that we both belong to the same political party. We have not been on the same page because the minister said anybody who is not with him is no longer a member of the party and that is not what the constitution says.” The Senator also said the people of Rivers have called on him to run for the office of governor in 2023 to succeed Governor Nyesom Wike of the Peoples Democratic Party but he had yet to make a decision. “In a democracy, I don’t think the party has one leader as far as the South-South is concerned…That ‘Oga’ type of politics, I don’t think it has a place in modern Nigeria that is coming.” Abe, however, agreed that the APC must put its home in order in Rivers to defeat the PDP in the next election. He also debunked reports that he has been colluding with the PDP in Rivers to scuttle and sabotage the chances of the APC in the next election. Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Transportation Minister, Rotimi Amaechi, is a former boss of current Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, and the lawmaker representing Rivers Southeast Senatorial District, Senator Magnus Abe. But today, the three are at loggerheads. Who will have the upper hand this time? Amaechi, an Ikwerre from Ubima… In "Top Stories" 2019 Ambition: Amaechi, Abe Crisis Will Destroy APC in Rivers – Timi Warns In "Politics" A former Senator, Magnus Ngei Abe, has blasted supporters and loyalists of the Transportation Minister, Rotimi Amaechi for threatning to unleash violence on Rivers Statein a viral video. Abe, who represented Rivers South-East Senatorial District in the National Assembly, said security agencies should be allowed to arrest and prosecute the… In "News"