The Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, said on Monday there was no justification for the Transparency International report on Nigeria. Transparency International had last month ranked Nigeria as the second most corrupt country in West Africa. In a 2021 Corruption Perceptions Index (CPI) released on January 25, Nigeria was ranked 154 out of 180 countries surveyed after scoring 24 out of 100 points. The country dropped five places from its previous 149th position for 2020. He said the ministry has taken steps to ensure diligent prosecution of corruption cases in Nigeria. The AGF said the federal government and the United States Government are holding talks on the possible extradition of the suspended head of the Intelligence Response Team, Abba Kyari, over his alleged link with a suspected fraudster, Ramon Abbas aka Hushpuppi. He said: “On stolen assets, two or three major recoveries have been made. One was from Switzerland in 2017. The money was used to find social investment programmes such as N-Power, Tradormoni etc. “In 2020, another was recovered from the United Kingdom, Island of Jersey, and the US. They were used for national projects such as the Abuja, Kano, Lagos, Ibadan roads, and the Second Niger Bridge.” Senate President, Bukola Saraki says that the recent corruption rating of the country by Transparency International (TI) should be seen as a challenge to redouble efforts toward the country’s anti-corruption campaign. Saraki Saraki Saraki said this at a two-day RoundTable discussion organised by the Savannah Centre for Diplomacy, Democracy and… In "Top Stories" Abubakar Malami has spoken on the loots traced to Sani Abacha, the late military ruler Malami said the government of a foreign nation laid claim to some of the stolen money - He, however, noted that the government said the money was not kept in their bank Abubakar Malami, the… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) According to the latest Transparency International Report, corruption has remained untamed and has rather increased under President Muhammadu Buhari’s regime. According to the new report, the perception of corruption in Nigeria worsened between 2016 and 2017. Nigeria ranked 148 out of 180 countries assessed in 2017 on… In "Top Stories"