Nollywood Actress and upcoming singer, Adesua Etomi-Wellington has put Twitter on standstill with her debut single.The beautiful actress decided to take a break from film to focus on her other passion, Music. With the help of her husband, Banky W, she released her first single “So Natural” and we can confidently say Twitterati weren’t feeling it. Fans and non-fans of Adesua begged her never to attempt singing again. They used the actress as an example of “Music isn’t meant for”. In their own opinions, Adesua is a far better actress than a singer contrarily to what her husband and her Nollywood friends made her believe. They also dragged Bisola, Jemima Osunde and Banky W for not telling her the truth and Cobhams for producing the “Disney” song. While they bashed the song, Adesua’s die-hard fans tweeted that “So Natural” is the best thing they heard this year. According to them, she gave her best compared to what her colleagues did with their debut singles. The song is catchy, nice and they were differently feeling her reggae vibes. They informed other Nigerians to thank Adesua for not giving them a worst song like Tonto, Genevie and Omotola did in the past. Thank God! Nigerian musician, Banky W and his wife, Nollywood actress, Adesua Etomi have thanked God after welcoming a child. The couple welcomed a baby boy. Sharing the news on her 33rd birthday today, Mrs Wellington shared her maternity photos and wrote: "You have a track record of keeping your word. Ọlọrun… In "Entertainment" Actress, Adesua Etomi, has replied a fan who said she bagged herself a money bag husband. The actress said she makes her own money, hence, Banky W’s money was not the reason she accepted the proposal. A fan @Chika_thelma_uk had commented on her picture with Banky on her instagram handle… In "Entertainment" By Joshua Olomu Abuja - A documentary on the celebrity wedding between R & B Singer Banky W and Actress Adesua Etomi is set to hit TV screens on Africa Magic channel on Jan.6. According to the official trailer released by Africa Magic, the documentary titled “The Wellingtons”, showed the… In "Entertainment"