The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has now been notified by the ruling All Progressives Congress about its upcoming national convention to hold on February 26. The notification letter, dated February 2, 2022, with reference number APC/NHDQ/INEC/19/022/14, was addressed to the Chairman of the electoral body, Prof. Mahmoud Yakubu. The letter was jointly signed by Sen. John Akpanudoedehe, the National Secretary; and the Chairman of the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC), Mai Mala Buni. The letter read: “Follow up to our letter referenced APC/NHDQ/INEC/19/021/40 dated 11 July 2021 on the notice for the conduct of the national convention. This is to inform the commission that our great party has scheduled to hold its National Convention on Saturday, 26 February 2022. “This serves as a formal notification pursuant to the provisions of Section 85 of the Electoral Act (2010) as amended. Kindly arrange for your officials to monitor the exercise accordingly. “While hoping to receive your cooperation, please accept the assurances of our highest esteem.”  Source Abuja - The ruling All Progressives Congress(APC) has shifted the timeline for conduct of its congresses and national convention, The Nation can authoritatively report. No new date was fixed for the two crucial exercises. The initial timetable released by the party fixed sale of the nomination form for Ward Congress… In "Top Stories" There are strong indications that the All Progressives Congress is in a dilemma over the zoning of the 2023 presidency. The PUNCH gathered on Sunday that although the party was looking southwards to pick its presidential candidate, there was a strong possibility that it could still throw the race open… In "Top Stories" Abia APC'APC leaders are working for PDP in Abia' Crisis: More party chieftains defect to Emenike groupBy Omeiza Ajayi – Abuja Director General of the Progressive Governors’ Forum PGF, Salihu Moh. Lukman has finished speculations that governors of the party are in favour of postponing the scheduled February National Convention… In "Politics"