Adedoja Adeyemi, the daughter of Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi, has joined the Nigerian movie industry, Nollywood.  She made this known on her Instagram page on Sunday, where she announced her acting debut.According to her, she was starring alongside actresses like Faithia William and Bimbo Ademoye in an epic movie by popular filmmaker, Kunle Afolayan.The Oyo princess shared pictures of herself on set with Faithia Williams and actor Kunle Remi.In the caption, the former Miss Oyo State wrote, “I played Princess Ajoke in my acting debut: Anikulapo (Death and Life; the Rebirth of Identity), a Kunle Afolayan film.”This comes four weeks after Adedoja topped her class when she bagged a Master’s degree from UNILAG.The Oyo ex-beauty queen emerged as the best graduating student from the Institute of African and Diaspora Studies, setting a record for the institute.With her recent post, the scholar has revealed that asides from studying, she also had a knack for acting.On his part, Kunle Afolayan on Sunday, revealed that the shoot for the movie, Anikulapo, had come to an end.The movie also featured veteran actress, Sola Sobowale, who is popular for her leading roles in King of Boys and The Wedding Party.  source There are so many celebrities in the Nigerian movie industry who are still not married at 40 years and above. While some deliberately choose not to tie the knot, others have tried and failed. Here is our list of eight female celebrities who are unmarried at 40 and above Eniola… In "Entertainment" They speak impeccable Yoruba, the major language of the South Western part of Nigeria. They even act movies in the language with great relish. Yet, they are not Yorubas. They are from other parts of the country than the South West. But they have excelled acting in Yoruba movies. Here’s… In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe Abuja -  Afropop alternative singer Simisola Ogunleye, popularly known as Simi, is set to make her acting debut in upcoming Kunle Afolayan film `Mokalik’. Afolayan, a multi award winning filmmaker best known for his renowned work `Figurine’, released a statement confirming the news on his Instagram page… In "Entertainment"