By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) – Governor Gboyega Oyetola of Osun has been declared the winner of the All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship primary election in the state. Oyetola, who is seeking re-election, pulled 222,169, votes to defeat his closet rival, Alhaji Moshood Adeoti, the preferred candidate of the Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola, who scored 12,921. The governor won in all the 30 local government areas of the state in the direct primary election on Saturday. He also defeated Mr Lasun Yusuf, a former Deputy Speaker, House of Representatives, who scored 460 votes. The Kwara Governor, AbdulRaham AbdulRazak, Chairman of the Primary Election Committee, announced the results at about 3.00 a.m at the APC Secretariat in Osogbo on Sunday. AbdulRazak said that the total registered voters for the exercise was 408,697. The chairman added that the total numbers of accredited voters was 247, 207, while the total votes cast was 235,550. He said: “I, AbdulRaham AbdulRazak, the Chairman, Primary Election Committee, hereby certified that Adegboyega Isiaka Oyetola, having scored the highest votes cast in Osun governorship primary election held on Feb.19 and met all requirements as contained in the guidelines of the election is hereby declared the winner.” In his remarks, the Chairman of APC in Osun, Mr Gboyega Famodun, commended the committee for a job well done. Famodun said the peaceful outcome of the primary had put an end to tension in the state. He said the party would work toward the victory of Oyetola, who is now the party’s candidate for July 16 governorship election in the state. By Victor Adeoti Osogbo - Alhaji Moshood Adeoti, former Secretary to Osun Government, on Friday announced his return to the All Progressives Congress (APC). Adeoti, who is also a former Chairman of the APC in the state, defected to Action Democratic Party (ADP) in the build up to the 2018… In "Politics" Governorship candidate of the All. Progressives Congress, APC, Alhaji Gboyega Oyetola has been declared winner of the Osun State governorship election after scoring 255505 votes ahead of his main rival, Senator Ademola Adeleke of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, who scored 255023 votes. The Social Democratic Party, SDP, candidate, Senator… In "Politics" By Victor Adeoti   Osogbo   -      Alhaji Moshood Adeoti, the Secretary to Osun Government, has resigned his appointment and defected to the Action Democratic Party(ADP). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Adeoti was one of the 17 All Progressives Congress (APC) aspirants in the July… In "Politics"