Disgraced DCP Abba Kyari has cried before a court that his health has deteriorated since his arrest and detention by the National Drug law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA.  This comes after Kyari took the Federal Government to court seeking his release. Kyari was arrested last week arrested and handed over to the NDLEA over his involvement in Cocaine Trafficking. Kyari entered hot water after he attempted to bribe an NDLEA agent with $61,000 to facilitate the release of 17 KG of seized Cocaine. He was arrested alongside four others. In the suit marked FHC/ABJ/CS/182/22, Kyari is praying the court to compel the NDLEA to grant him bail on health grounds, pending the hearing and determination of his fundamental right enforcement application. The request was however turned down by the Presiding Judge, Justice Inyang Ekwo who noted that the suit contained some allegations that would require the government’s response, Politics Nigeria reported. “Upon studying the process of the Applicant and averments in support thereon, I am of the opinion that the Respondent should be put on notice”. Justice Ekwo ordered that all the relevant processes should be served on the Federal Government and adjourned the case to February 24th.  source •Suspended DCP Abba Kyari ABUJA - The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), has declared the suspended head of the Police Intelligence Response Team (IRT), DCP Abba Kyari, wanted over alleged drug offences. NDLEA spokesperson Femi Babafemi made the announcement during a press conference in Abuja on Monday. He said… In "Top Stories" Daily Post reports that Ohanaeze Ndigbo worldwide has urged the Federal Government of Nigeria to allow the suspended head of IRT, DCP Abba Kyari, to be extradited to the United States to face the allegations from the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) over the hushpuppi scandal. Recall that the FBI… In "News" The federal government has been taken to court by detained Deputy Commissioner of Police, DCP Abba Kyari. He took FG to court to the Federal High Court in Abuja challenging his continued detention by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), according to DailyPost. In the suit marked FHC/ABJ/CS/182/22, Kyari… In "News"