At least six persons have been confirmed dead and seven persons injured after a bomb exploded today in the southern Odesa region of Ukraine. This is as Russia declared war on Ukraine on Thursday. The bombing was confirmed to newsmen in a statement credited to Ukraine’s General Office of the National Police. This is the first casualties to be announced in the city of Podolsk as Russian forces continue military operations in Ukraine. Conditions on the seven people injured in the bombing are not yet clear, there are 19 people unaccounted for as at the time this report is given. Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba tweeted that “Putin has just launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine.” NBC News had reported earlier that a loud explosion was heard in the central capital of Kyiv and the northeast city of Kharkiv. The development reportedly occurred a few minutes after Putin’s announcement. The attacks ended hopes for a diplomatic solution that the United States and its allies had been attempting for weeks. Prior to Putin’s announcement, Ukraine’s President Zelenskyy said he tried to call the Russian leader but was rebuffed. Source At least six persons have been confirmed dead and seven persons injured after a bomb exploded today in the southern Odesa region of Ukraine. This is as Russia declared war on Ukraine on Thursday. The bombing was confirmed to newsmen in a statement credited to Ukraine’s General Office of the… In "News" Kiev   -    The father of a murdered victim detonated two hand grenades in a courtroom in the Ukrainian city of Nikopol and died in the explosion, police said on Thursday. “No fewer than seven others present at the trial, including the accused, were injured,’’ police added in a statement. Report… In "Foreign" Ukraine's government has resumed military action to tackle pro-Russian separatists in the east, after a day of deadly violence in the city of Odessa. Interior Minister Arsen Avakov confirmed the "active phase of the operation continued at dawn", with attacks around the town of Kramatorsk. On Friday dozens of people… In "News"