A video of the national leader of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu’s cloth appearing to be soaked has left tongues wagging on social media.  It was gathered that a-yet-to-be-identified liquid soaked his cloth during a meeting with some traditional leaders. This happened when the Jagaban of Lagos visited some top traditional rulers in Ogun State, including the Alake and Paramount Ruler of Egbaland, Oba Adedotun Gbadebo, on Sunday. The visit was in continuation of his consultations. And after the visitations, a video of the former Lagos State Governor in a wet dress around his lower region surfaced on social media. In the video, a man on suit, who is believed to be one of the APC chieftain’s security detail, was seen staring at the wet part of the dress, while allegesly closing his nostrils. However, a coalition of his support groups has since dismissed the video as false and a malicious move by haters to discredit a successful meeting between Tinubu and the traditional rulers. But most Nigerians on Twitter believe the APC national leader is sick and should forget about running for the presidency come 2023. Here are the reactions from some Nigeriains: @Loveshandy, “Every Attempt To Convert Aso Rock To Retirement Home For The Elderly & Sick , We Cancel & Destroy.” @Onyebuchi958, “If #Jagaban is contesting because of pampers, let’s contribute and buy him pampers so he can rest. 2015 was electing a deaf man buhari, 2023 will be disastrous to elect someone that pee on his body. Old man. Nigeria is a curse.” @YungJilbrael, “[Weather] Jagaban is healthier or not, we don’t need him. We are ina digital age, why bolster and encourage the technigue of an analog for god sake? If growth and development is our desire, then we better reject the aged and mentally weak politicians like Tinubu. #jagaban.” @Liberation24.7, “It is very obvious that you illiterates packaging this #Jagaban Tinubu man are the problem of his disillusionment…” @Omolosho_Ope, “Tinubu should be at home taking his grand children to school and visiting general hospital every appointment date. We need an energetic leader from the south now .I Will choose between osibanjo and Amaechi.” @Fab_teenah, “Lobatan, all those that claim it was heat in this first video , please we need another excuse oh. If this man dont go home and care for himself rather than disturbing us with his presidential ambition.” @Dollar_keys “Honestly the man is down… Reno isn’t criticizing him, Reno is helping him to realize that at first he should go back on medications. Secondly that he can’t do the needful in handling he’s presidential ambition.” @Tbosly, “I swear down if tinubu eventually become Nigeria president then, I can now agree tha that God intentionally purnish us.” @KingAugustiine, “Somebody is having health issues and they are still singing “on your mandate we shall serve”.. Who did this to these people?” @Chikanwankwo, “In as much as I WILL NEVER SUPPORT OR CANVASS for Tinubu presidency, let’s not use his Health challanges as a caricature. As Nigerians we must come together and vote in a vibrant man, who will save Nigeria from sinking into abyss. “I simply get forlorn when I see and read from my generation in support of a Tinubu presidency!! It baffles me to stupor level..We sincerely don’t think as a people, all the same may God heal him of any anomaly. Those close to him should guide him properly.”  Source A pro-Tinubu coalition has accused enemies of being behind the viral video showing Bola Tinubu in wet cloth. The Support Groups Management Council released a statement concerning the alleged wet cloth. Recall that the politician had visited some top traditional rulers in Ogun State with the goal of consulting on… In "News" A former media aide to ex-President, Goodluck Jonathan, Reno Omokri said it will not be right if Bola Tinubu sacks his aide seen covering his nose after he reportedly wet his cloth. Tinubu is the national leader of the All Progressives Congress. Omokri stated this while reacting to video clips… In "News" A viral video of the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Bola Tinubu's wet agbada has gotten the attention of Nigerian activist, Omoyele Sowore. According to Sowore, Tinubu is not well. In the viral clip, a security personnel was seen gazing at the wet part of the dress… In "News"