Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has approved the appointment of Mr Isma’il Musa, as the State Auditor General.The appointment was announced by the Director-General, Media and Public Relations, Government House, Ameen Yassar, in a statement on Monday in Kano.He said that until the appointment, Musa was the Director, Planning, Research and Statistics at the State Ministry for Local Government.He succeeds Hajiya Amina Inuwa-Sa’id, who retired from the State Civil Service recently. Yassar also revealed that the governor appointed Malandi Umar-Kura, as Permanent Secretary, in the State civil Service.He said that prior to the appointment, Umar-Kura was the Director, Geographical Information System, Kano State Bureau for Land Management. Yassar explained that the appointments were conveyed in separate correspondences signed by the State Head of Civil Service, Hajiya Binta Lawal-Ahmed.He quoted Lawal-Ahmad as saying that the tenure of the two senior civil servants would be governed by conditions applicable to such statutory career posts in the Public Service. “I need not to say that the responsibilities and challenges devolved on your shoulders are enormous.“But, I remain confident that you will strive to uphold the trust of the noble position, through determination, commitment and complete application of the experiences you acquired over the years,” Lawal-Ahmad is quoted as saying.Yasser said that Gov. Ganduje congratulated the duo over their milestone career progression and prayed Allah to guide them in the discharge of their duties.The two new appointees would be sworn in at a later date By Abbas Bamalli Kano  -   The Kano State Governor, Dr Abdullahi Ganduje, has approved the appointment of Guardian Newspaper Correspondent in Kano, Malam Abba Anwar, as his new Chief Press Secretary. The state Commissioner for Information, Malam Mohammed Garba, announced the appointment in a statement he issued to newsmen… In "News" Newly sworn-in governor of Kano state, Abdullahi Ganduje, has returned Alhaji Rabi’u Bichi to his former position as Secretary to the State Government, SSG. He announced this appointment in a statement he personally signed and issued in Kano on Friday, where he also made public the appointment of Alhaji Usman… In "Politics" By Tukur Muntari Kano -  The Kano State Governor, Dr. Abdullahi Ganduje, has approved the appointment of Malam Umar Sa’id Tudun Wada as the new Managing Director of Kano State Radio Corporation. Announcing the appointment on Thursday in Kano the Commissioner of Information, Malam Mohammed Garba said Tudun Wada replaced… In "Top Stories"