A social political group, Yoruba Ronu Group (YRG), has risen in defence of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu on what it described as unwarranted online media attacks funded by certain selfish politicians.  The group, in a statement by Steve Bayode, its Director of Communications, noted that a particular interest group was in the habit of sponsoring recycled, false allegations against Tinubu and his political allies.It condemned the sponsored false online reports and warned that those behind the shameful and treacherous act to tarnish Tinubu’s reputation would regret the actions.Prince Diran Iyantan, Chairman, Yoruba Ronu Group, noted that such mischievous online posts were frequent and the sources of the publications known and traceable to “certain misguided politicians and fake human right crusaders’’.“We have repeatedly stated in our previous releases that Asiwaju Bola Tinubu’s ambition does not stop other Yoruba or any South West person from aspiring to the same position.“We just feel that Tinubu has a better chance than anyone else at clinching the position which is the reason for our support for him.“It is, therefore, sad to see fellow Yoruba persons casting aspersions on the person of `Jagaban’ for flying high the flag of the Yoruba race.“Asiwaju Bola Tinubu’s interest after leaving office has been to help nurture and consolidate democracy in Nigeria. This, he has done, creditably, well.“ In addition, he has helped the progressives to attain power to the country’s presidency.”He said: “We are aware that the stakes are high as the presidential election approaches, and desperate politicians will resort to different gimmicks, basically, to rock the boat.“Those who have committed themselves to sustained campaign of calumny in the media against the person of Tinubu are well known to us.“They have, continually, used their family blogs in New York to run a lot of people down in Nigeria.“They stand for blackmailing people with the hope of gaining financial gratification. We are documenting their acts.” he said.Iyantan charged politicians not to run down people, but rather, promote political party interest, conduct themselves with maturity, dignity and mutual respect in the interest of the good people of Yoruba-land and Nigeria.He also called on the APC leadership at the national level to ensure fairness to all the aspirants to avoid o avoid internal disintegration.  Source A group of former senators, House of Representatives members and other politicians across the Southwest geo-political zone has urged the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, to contest as president in the 2023 election. They spoke on Tuesday at the unveiling of the group’s logo… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) — ‎The duo of the Governor of Imo State, Rochas Okoroch, and former Governor of Ogun State, Gbenga Daniel, on Tuesday, congratulated the former Governor of Lagos State, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, on the occasion of his 65th birthday. While Okorocha described Tinubu as a big political… In "News" Former Governor of Ekiti State, Ayodele Fayose, has said series of subterranean plots to pull down politically the ‘giant’ National Leader of the All Progressive Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu by some politicians in the southwest will fail. Fayose said he would never associate nor join the group of rebels… In "News"