By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Henceforth, all operators of illegal revenue collection checkpoints in Benue State will be treated like armed robbers when apprehended. Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom said that those indulging in such acts should steer clear of revenue collection in the state. The Governor gave the warning Monday, February 21st, 2022 at the Benue Peoples House Makurdi while signing into law the amended Benue Internal Revenue Administration Law of the state. He explained that revenue collection in the State had been contracted to consultants and urged interested persons to work with them, stressing that anyone caught operating illegally will be treated like a criminal. The Governor acknowledged the decline in revenue generation and the need to improve on all areas to be able to cater for the needs of the state. Governor Ortom thanked members of the Benue State House of Assembly for the speedy passage of the amendment and pledged sustained cordial working relationship between the executive and the legislature. Deputy Speaker of the Benue State House of Assembly, Hon Christopher Adaji who represented the Speaker of the House of Assembly said the amendments were doing after due consultations with critical stakeholders and relevant provisions of the law. Benue   -   Benue State governor, Samuel Ortom, has successfully assented the bill prohibiting Open Rearing and Grazing into law. Benue State House of Assembly on Thursday, May 4 successfully passed the bill prohibiting Open Rearing and Grazing into law. Ortom, at a stakeholders’ meeting in Makurdi, the Benue State capital… In "News" The Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria (HURIWA), has faulted the reported apologies tendered by the Miyetti Allah Cattle owners Association over the killings of Benue state farmers just as the rights group has reiterated her call on the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration to declare association as a terrorist group… In "Security" Emmanuel Antswen Makurdi  -  The Benue Government on Friday said it had lost over N800 million Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) in two months as a result of dismantling of revenue points by police. Mrs Mimi Orubibi, the Executive Chairman, Benue Internal Revenue Service (BIRS), told the News Agency of Nigeria… In "News"