Thousands of people in Benue state have been chased out of their homes by armed herdsmen.  According to DailyPost, armed Fulani herdsmen reportedly attacked Senator Gabriel Suswam’s home town in Yonov, Tombo, Turan and Nenzev in Logo as well as communities in Guma and Buruku Local Government Areas of Benue State forcing residents to abandon their homes. DAILY POST gathered that the incident happened when the assailants in their numbers, marched into the communities with over a thousand cattle from neighbouring communities in Taraba State. They were said the have destroyed large cassava farms and yam seedlings during the attack, as residents fled in droves for their lives. Chief Joseph Anawa, a stakeholder in the area, who confirmed the incidents to newsmen on Tuesday, said it had triggered tension in the affected areas. According to him, the Fulani herders who were hostile upon their arrival in the communities, declared that they were out to settle in the areas. He said, “They were so hostile and do not want anybody to come close to them. The locals on sighting the arrival of cows started packing out of their villages for the fear of the unknown.“When the kindred head of Mbaifu, Zaki Gbamga Nengem went to them to know their mission in his community, they outrightly told him that they have come to settle there.” When contacted by DAILY POST, the Benue State Police Public Relations Officer, Superintendent, SP, Cathrine Anene said she was yet to be briefed.  source Fear has gripped communities in Benue State following a massive influx of over 4000 cows and Fulani herdsmen in four local government areas of the state. According to New Telegraph, this latest incident is coming after suspected Fulani pastoralists last Sunday reportedly gang-rapped a mother of five children to coma… In "News" At least one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three innocent persons have been killed in Benue State by Fulani herdsmen between 2018 till date, Local Government Chairmen in the state have revealed. Local Government Chairmen and leaders of socio-cultural organisations in the state made the revelation on Monday during a press… In "News" •Boko Haram   By Intersociety ONITSHA, Anambra States - Nigeria has fully become a killing field of defenceless Christians. Available statistics have shown that between 11,500 and 12,000 Christian deaths were recorded in the past 57 months or since June 2015 when the present central Government of Nigeria came on… In "Top Stories"