Oil and gas investment in Nigeria has fallen to a record low, a new report by Renaissance Capital Limited revealed. The Russia-based investment bank said that the under-investment and chronic infrastructure issues plaguing the country’s oil sector manifested in a multi-decade production low of less than 1.5 million barrels of oil per day in December 2021. It said the recovery in January this year offered some optimism, but the outlook remained uncertain. The report said: “Shell’s and Exxon’s announced divestment plans in Nigeria, if completed, would transfer most of Nigeria’s oil production from the onshore and shallow water terrains (about 65 per cent of total production in 2021) to indigenous control, at a time when global oil and gas financing is drying up. “Nigeria’s oil sector is facing an unprecedented level of under-investment, with declines reflecting a near halt of upstream investment across all terrains since the pandemic’s outbreak,” it stated. RenCap said since the start-up of Egina deepwater project in the late 2018, only one or two new oil projects had come on stream. It said: “The near-term project pipeline screens thin, with Total’s Ikike (about 40,000bopd), Amni’s Tubu (about 30,000bopd) and Shell/Seplat’s ANOH (30,000-40,000bopd of condensates) some of the scheduled 2022 start-ups. “In total, Rystad, an oil and gas consultancy, estimates Nigeria’s project pipeline to add up to 100,000bopd of production by the mid-2020s, not enough to offset declines.” According to the report, Nigeria’s oil sector challenges has been exacerbated by a challenging operating environment, unattractive fiscal terms and oil majors’ exodus. The report said, “Nigeria’s onshore oil sector is probably one of the most challenging operationally in the industry, with issues such as local opposition, oil spills, militant activity, crude evacuation constraints and logistical bottlenecks. “Navigating Nigeria’s onshore oil sector requires strong know-how and indigenous partners, qualities and connections which only a handful of companies possess, thereby raising high barriers to entry for new entrants,” it added. By Yunus Yusuf Lagos - Nigeria faces dire prospects in the oil and gas sector if the current challenges in the sector are not urgently addressed. Some stakeholders in the sector expressed this concern, saying that current challenges in the sector might frustrate the achievement of major production targets in… In "News" By Alex Chiejina (with Agency Report) Oil and Gas investment in Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) is likely to drop from $1.2 trillion it recorded in 2012 to $320 billion in 2016, the International Energy Information Administration (IEA) report reveals. The IEA, which made this disclosure in its Medium… In "News" Abuja- Nigeria's oil and gas revenue will drop by 10 billion dollars in 2015, if crude oil price average 53 dollars per barrel compared to 77.5 dollars in 2014, the  Oil Producer Trade Section (OPTS) has warned. Mrs Elizabeth Proust, Chairman OPTS and Managing Director of Total Upstream companies in… In "Business"