Kannywood actress Sadiya Haruna has been sentenced to six-month imprisonment without an option of a fine by a Magistrate Court sitting at Mallam Aminu Kano International Airport in Kano. The Court, presided over by Justice Muntari Garba Dandago sentenced the Kannywood star for defamation and slandering of actor Isa A. Isa. In a viral video, she accused her colleague of being a homosexual, bastard and an unrepentant womanizer. She also alleged that he requested anal sex from her and posted videos of him on social media while she continued to accuse him of several despicable acts. Isa denied all the allegations against him and sued Sadiya for character assassination. She was sentenced by Justice Muntari Garba Dandago who threatened the jail term will be extended to three years if she continues to defame Isa. He however noted she had three months to appeal the judgement. In 2021, Sadiya was arrested by Hisbah and convicted by a Sharia Court for obscenity and indecent acts after sharing sexual content on her social media pages. Haruna pleaded guilty to a one-count charge of obscenity and indecent act, which contradicts section 355 of Penal Code Law 2000. Sentencing her, the presiding judge, Justice Ali Jibril Danzaki ordered she attended a Darul Hadith Islamiyya session at Tudun Yola Quarters for a period of six months. (Thenation)      •Sadiya Haruna KANO - The Kano State Hisbah Board has arraigned a Kannywood actress and social media blogger, Sadiya Haruna, for “uploading sexual contents on her social media handles.” The accused person, Sadiya Haruna, a resident of Kabuga Quarters was initially arrested on Friday by the Head of Surveillance Department… In "Top Stories" ZUBA - An Upper Area Court in Zuba, FCT, on Monday sentenced a palm oil seller, Sadiya Mohammed, to three months in prison for cheating her supplier of N177,500. Mohammed who resides at Sabon Wuse, Niger, was arraigned on two counts of criminal breach of trust and cheating. The judge,… In "News" Abuja - There are certain Nigerian celebrities who have been to prison before. These are some of those celebrities.   Some famous Nigerian celebrities have at one time or the other been in trouble with the law. A number of them have been to prison. Below is a list of nine… In "Entertainment"