An election monitoring group, Centre for Transparency Advocacy, has called on security agencies to ensure that peace is sustained during the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) councils election on Saturday.  Executive Director of the group, Ms Faith Nwadishi, made the call at a news conference in Abuja. She said that there must be better and proper coordination among the security personnel, especially at flashpoints. “In spite of this seeming quietness, the group urges security agencies, especially the police not to let its guards down but to double efforts to nip any security breach in the bud. “The following locations have been identified by the police as election flashpoints; Karshi, Deidei, Zuma Rock, Kabusa, Gishiri, Abaji Nebu, Yangoji, Yaba, Kwali Kwaita, Mate, Azam, Kuje Pegi and Bwari”, he said. She also urged political parties to improve and strengthen their internal democracies as the number of outstanding court cases were clear indications of lack of the principle. The executive director urged each of the political party candidates to adhere strictly to the peace accord they signed. Nwadishi equally called on citizens to turn up enmasse to cast their votes for candidates of their choice and shun vote buying and trading as such diminishes their rights to free choices. “The group wishes to remind citizens that vote-buying is an offence and attracts jail terms. If there are no sellers, there will be no buyers,”she said.  (NAN) As part of its preparations towards a peaceful election in Ondo State on October 10, the Independent National Electoral Commission says it has enlisted the help of the military, police and other security agencies to flush out threats to the peaceful conduct of the exercise, especially in the creeks and… In "Politics" By Bolaji Buhari Lagos -  Security has been beefed up around the Lagos State Independent Electoral Commission (LASIEC) headquarters in Yaba ahead of Saturday’s council polls in the state. A News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) correspondent who was at the office on Friday reports that scores of security personnel were… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Attention of the security agencies would be focusing on at least 27 different parts of Ondo State as voters file out today to elect the governor of the state for the next four years. The 27 areas have been identified by the security agencies as flash… In "Top Stories"