By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Foremost contender for the position of Member, House of Representatives from Benue State, Chief Philip Agbese, has charged the newly inaugurated Chairman of the All Progressive Congress (APC) in the State, Comrade Austin Agada, to move with the speed of light, as he resumes office. Agada was amongst other chairmen of State chapters inaugurated at the party’s secretariat, Abuja, on Thursday. In a message of congratulations duly signed by himself and made available to newsmen Saturday morning, Agbese said the Chairman’s emergence was a testament to his selfless and dedicated contributions to the evolution and development of the party, right from the time it was Action Congress (AC). “No doubt, for those of us who have followed the history of how APC was birthed, we can attest to your selfless dedication to the party in Benue State, right from the time of AC to the time of ACN and now, the APC. “As young as you were then, I watched with awe, the dexterity with which you were coordinating the party youths and rallying the elders. Many a times, I have seen you stressing yourself out, just to reconcile issues amongst opposing groups within the party, even amongst the elders. “I have no doubt that you would bring such wisdom to bear in discharging your duties. May I therefore, charge you to hit the ground running, with such capacity. There are many grounds you may need to cover and many walls you may need to mend. Please don’t leave anyone unturned. “Being a youth and probably the youngest chapter Chairman in Nigeria is a plus for Benue, owing to the fact that, young people are the chunk of your constituency”, Agbese said. The Okanga of Agila, who is currently seeking to represent the good people of Ado/Okpokwu/Ogbadibo Federal Constituency where the party Chairman hails from, also pledged his support to the newly inaugurated executive of APC in Benue, adding that he would do all within his powers to ensure the constituency is returned to the APC in the next general elections. Agbese also poured encomium on the Leader of the party in Benue State and Honourable Minister for Special Duties and Intergovernmental Affairs, Senator George Akume, “for his fatherly disposition towards everyone in the state and for giving our youths the needed voice”. He urged the new Chairman and members of his executive to as a matter of priority, move round the state to reconcile any aggrieved group or persons, for the betterment of the party in Benue. Social Activist, Franc Utoo Abducted In Abuja In "Top Stories" Abuja  -   Ex-Gov. Idris Wada of Kogi on Wednesday told the State Election Petition Tribunal sitting in Abuja that he won the 2015 governorship election in the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the former governor contested the election on the platform of the People’s Democratic… In "Politics" By Emmanuel Antswen Makurdi -  Gov. Samuel Ortom, of Benue, the All Progressives Congress (APC) and other stakeholders on Tuesday felicitated with Sen. George Akume on his 63 birthday. Akume, the Senator representing Benue North West Senatorial District and chieftain of the APC, was a former governor of the state.… In "News"