LAGOS – A crucial National Executive Council (NEC) of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will begin today at the University of Lagos (UNILAG) Akoka. As at Friday, principal officers of ASUU as well as branch chairmen are already in UNILAG for the make or mar meeting. In the last one month, ASUU national officers, zones and branches mobilised members for the impending strike. They also sensitized the general public on the face-off between its and the Federal Government. Among the demands of ASUU include the non-implementation of the 2020 signed Memorandum of Understanding (MoA), non conclusion of the renegotiation of 2009 FG/ASUU agreement, non use of University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS), unpaid members salaries and failure of Integrated Payroll and Personnel Information System (IPPIS). A visit to UNILAG on Friday showed principal officers of ASUU in a meeting. One of the branch chairmen said that based on the outcome of mobilization and sensitization of members, many support the resumption of the suspended nationwide strike. The chairman said despite the position of President Muhammadu Buhari, government officials have not reached to the union. “Tomorrow (today) will make or mar the university system. Our members are not happy with the situation of things. They approve and support any decision taken by (NEC),” the chairman stated. (Daily Sun) As many as 240 lecturers, including professors, at the University of Lagos have been revealed to have enrolled on the Integrated Personnel Payment Information System (IPPIS). They enrolled on IPPIS against the directive by the Academic Staff Union of Universities. The PUNCH gathered that the affected lecturers have been sanctioned… In "Education" By Gabriel Dike A crucial National Executive Council (NEC) meeting of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is currently on-going to decide offers made by the Federal Government team last week when it met with striking union leaders. Ahead of the NEC meeting, the various ASUU zones met to… In "Education" By reporters Enugu - The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) in the South East has insisted that enrollment of its members into the Integrated Personnel Payroll Information System (IPPIS) will erode autonomy of universities. The ASUU leaders, who spoke to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), in separate interviews,… In "News"