A criminal charge filed against a former Imo state governor, Chief Ikedi Ohakim has been struck out by Justice Taiwo Taiwo of the Federal High Court sitting in Abuja, today February 24.  Ohakim and one Chinedu Okpaleke were being prosecuted by the Federal Government for allegedly threatening to release nude photographs of an Abuja based lady, Chinyere Amuchienwa, if she fails to drop charges of attempted kidnap against them.Following a petition by Chinyere Amuchienwa, the police had filed a criminal charge against Ohakim and Okpaleke.In the five-count charge dated November 25, 2020, the police had alleged that Ohakim and Okpareke, knowingly and intentionally transmitted communication through a computer system to harass and bully Amuchienwa, an offence that is punishable under Section 24(1)(a) of the Cybercrime Act 2015.Some of the charges read;“That you Chinendu Okpareke ‘m’ 49, and Ikedi Ohakim ‘m’ and others now at large on Aug. 13, 2020 within the jurisdiction of this court did conspire among yourselves by knowingly and intentionally sending messages by means of computer system or network in a grossly offensive, pornographic, nude of an indecent obscene and menacing character of one Chinyere Amuchienwa ‘f’ and thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 27 (1)(a) of the Cybercrime Act 2015.That you Chinendu Okpareke ‘m’ 49, and Ikedi Ohakim ‘m’ and others now at large on Aug. 13, 2020 within the jurisdiction of this court did conspire among yourselves to cause annoyance and criminal intimidation to one Chinyere Amuchienwa ‘f’ and thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 27 (1)(a) of the Cybercrime Act 2015.”However, during the hearing today, the case was stalled following the request of the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami SAN to study the case file.Sani Bagudu, from the office of the AGF had applied to withdraw the matter to enable the AGF study the case file and take appropriate action.Consequently, the trial judge, Justice Taiwo Taiwo had to strike out the case, pending when the AGF decides on what next to do on the matter.  Source •Former Imo State governor, Ikedi Ohakim  •Police arrest complainant in court premises The Abuja division of the Federal High Court will on September 27 rule on the propriety or otherwise of the office of the Attorney General of the Federation (AGF) taking over the case file of former Imo state… In "News" A Federal High Court in Abuja has ordered the Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice to take over the prosecution of a former Imo Governor, Ikedi Ohakim charged with cybercrime related offences. In a ruling on Monday, Justice Taiwo Taiwo held that the AGF possesses an unfettered… In "News" A former Governor of Imo state, Ikedi Ohakim will next week be arraigned for threatening to circulate a woman's nude photos. According to TheCable, the office of the inspector-general of police (IGP) is in charge of the case. The report revealed that the former governor will be arraigned on February… In "Politics"