An Ikeja Magistrates’ Court on Friday ordered one Nwanneka Nkumah, CEO Mizwanneka, an Instagram human hair vendor; to refund N79,500 she fraudulently obtained from her customer. The magistrate, Mrs K.A. Ariyo, ruled that Nkumah should pay back the sum of N79, 500 which the claimant, one Mrs Shenayon Saka, paid into her account for the purchase of two human hair wigs. Ariyo also awarded a cost of N20, 000 in favour of the claimant and 10 per cent interest per annum on the judgment debt until final payment is made. Earlier, the suit had been filed jointly by the claimant and the Lagos State Consumer Protection Agency, represented by the Principal State Counsel, C.S. Hunpe. Hunpe had earlier submitted a summons before the court for the recovery of the debt due to the claimant. She alleged that the claimant sent the sum of N77, 600 to the defendant for the purchase of two human hair wigs, following an online Christmas sales’ advert posted by her sometime in December 2019. “The claimant also added the sum of N1, 900 to the defendant in April 2020 after she admitted to have received the money earlier sent to her. “All attempts made by the claimant to retrieve the money or the hair wig from the defendant proved abortive. “The defendant was given the opportunity to defend her case in the court but for reasons best known to her, she had failed to do so,” Hunpe said. By Glory Abuh-Adejoh   Abuja    -       The National Industrial Court, Abuja, on Tuesday ordered the Nigerian Building And Road Research Institute (NBRRI), to pay its former Director-General, Joseph Ali his outstanding salaries within 60 days. Though the total outstanding balance of the salaries was not declared,… In "News" By Glory Abuh-Adejoh Abuja, - The National Industrial Court, Abuja, on Thursday ordered the Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC), to pay a former Deputy General Manager of the defunct Hallmark bank, Eze Okorocha, N27.9 million, being his benefits within 30 days. The amount was the outstanding balance of his disengagement… In "News" By Glory Abuh-Adejoh Abuja - The National Industrial Court, on Thursday declared that the non-payment of salary and non-remittance of pension contributions of a teacher, Mrs Udeme Akerele, as wrongful. The court therefore ordered payment of her one month salary, remittance of the pension contributions to the necessary authority and… In "Metro"