Singer, Nwakaego Ogbaro, aka Ego, has said she is still open to working with her long-time collaborator, veteran singer, Bisade Ologunde, popularly known as Lagbaja. She told Saturday Beats, “I have always been open to collaborating with Lagbaja. It might happen. So, let us leave it like that. There is nothing that would have stopped it. Even when I left (Lagbaja), I had the option and I still have the option of collaborating with him because we have always been cool.” Speaking about her experience in the industry, she said, “My experience in the industry so far has been a mixture of the good, bad and ugly. There have been ups and downs. Sometimes, things go smoothly; other times, not so smoothly, but we are still here. “My kind of music is ‘soul’. It is not set in stone and I am open to collaborating with other genres using my own sound. However, I am partial to soul (music).” Ego added that singing under Lagbaja and being a solo artist were different experiences. She said, “The difference between singing under Lagbaja and as a solo artiste is that (while with Lagbaja), I was not responsible for a lot of things. When I was with him, I just showed up and did what I was asked to do. “But, as a solo artiste, I have to make sure the shows are coming in. I also have to be responsible for my band, rehearsals and the kind of songs I am supposed to perform. It is not easy but there is the freedom because I have my time and I can decide to take a show or not. “Aside from Lagbaja, there are a lot of people I would like to collaborate with. I won’t say I have not got the opportunity yet but I would say the timing is not yet right. When the time is right, it will happen. “I feel pressured to be bigger as a solo artiste compared to when I was with Lagbaja. There is always that pressure. However, it is about how one handles it.” (Punch)      By Edward Ojiah   Abuja   -     Revellers who turned out for the Johnnie, Jazz and Whisky (JJW) night in Abuja hailed Lagbaja as the greatest Nigerian performer. JJW is Nigeria’s premier afro-jazz platform, showcasing live performances on nights usually themed, ‘A blend of music and flavors’. The JJW party organized… In "Entertainment" Ireland-based Nigerian pop singer, Ese Agesse, opens up on her career and life abroad, JAYNE AUGOYE writes Ese Agesse’s arrival on the Nigerian entertainment scene in the 1990s was initially hailed as a breath of fresh air. In no time, she had managed to worm her way into the hearts… In "Style" The hall is bright not because the sun is at its brightest. The feeling in the room is spiritual not because the room is sited in a religious place. The sounds are angelic not because the road leads to heaven. The seats in the hall are filled with beautiful faces… In "Entertainment"