Veteran Nollywood actor, Kanayo O. Kanayo has advised parents on why they should pay surprise visits to their wards in school. The thespian recently paid his son an unscheduled visit at his school, an act which left the young man quite surprised and slightly unsettled as he kept scratching his head and looking around as seen in the video shared by the actor. His son, in the video, asked why he wasn’t pre-informed about the visit. But KOK smiled and told him it wouldn’t have been a surprise if he was pre-informed. Advising parents on the need to check on their wards unannounced, he said: “Check on your wards without any notice. Give them a surprise. Most of the kids, you think your child is in Epe but your child goes to Lekki every week to go and have fun. “A friend of mine had a very similar experience, a very bad one. His son and I were in the Law class. The boy had left school at 200 Level but he was collecting school fees, hostel fees and so on. “Until we were about to graduate when his father came to see him. So always check on your wards. Give them surprise visits.” (    by Priscilla Osaje   Abuja  - Nigerians took to Instagram to felicitate with Nollywood Veteran actor, Kanayo O. Kanayo as he was called to the Nigerian Bar on Tuesday. Some fans of Kanayo, said they were inspired by his determination in actualising his age long dream of becoming a lawyer… In "Entertainment" Veteran Nollywood actor, Kanayo. O. Kanayo has warned youths between the ages of 25 – 45 to be careful about how they live in order not to have regrets during their old age. According to the thespian turned lawyer, he noted that God gifted some people with long life so… In "Entertainment" By Ojonugwa Ugboja (With Agency Report) Nigeria movie industry, Nollywood, has recorded unprecedented growth over the years, and with it has come the reality of actors struggling to keep up with the pace of events. Some actors who once starred on our screens, week-in week-out have all of a sudden… In "Features"