By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Barely nine days to election, The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has reiterated its commitment to conduct a free, fair and credible poll in the Federal Capital Territory. The INEC Chairman, Prof Mahmood Yakubu reiterated this on Thursday during a stakeholders meeting on the 2022 area Council election organised by the Federal Capital Territory Administration in Abuja. Prof Mahmood who gave the update and level of preparedness said; Permanent Voters Cards (PVCs) have been printed and made available for collection. There are enough ad hoc staff engaged and trained for the election. Non-sensitive materials have been deployed to the various Area Councils. Non-pharmaceutical materials have been procured to protect voters and personnel from COVID-19 in line with the Commission’s policy based on the protocols prescribed by health authorities. Voter education and publicity are ongoing. Transport arrangements have been made, including motorcycles for remote locations and boats for riverine areas. We have had several meetings with the security agencies in the area councils, the FCT and the national level on how to address potential threats to the election and secure the process. They have also been trained on the code of conduct for security personnel on election duty to ensure their neutrality and professionalism. See the full speech below: ADDRESS BY THE HONOURABLE CHAIRMAN, INDEPENDENT NATIONAL ELECTORAL COMMISSION (INEC), PROF. MAHMOOD YAKUBU, AT A STAKEHOLDERS’ MEETING ON THE 2022 AREA COUNCIL ELECTIONS ORGANISED BY THE FEDERAL CAPITAL TERRITORY ADMINISTRATION (FCTA) HELD AT THE FCDA CONFERENCE ROOM, AREA 11, GARKI, ABUJA, ON THURSDAY 3RD FEBRUARY 2022 The Honourable Minister, Federal Capital Territory, Muhammad Musa BelloMembers of the National AssemblyThe Permanent Secretary, Ministry of the Federal Capital TerritoryChairmen and Councillors of the Area CouncilsNational Commissioners of INECThe Resident Electoral Commissioner, Federal Capital TerritoryThe Commissioner of Police, Federal Capital TerritoryHeads of other Security AgenciesYour Royal Highnesses the Chairman and Members of the FCT Council of Traditional RulersAll other Invited GuestsLadies and Gentlemen. Let me, first of all, thank the Honourable Minister of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) for convening this important meeting and for the kind invitation to address the stakeholders ahead of the Area Council election holding on Saturday 12th September 2022 which is just next nine days away. Only two days ago, at a meeting of the national Inter-Agency Consultative Committee on Election Security (ICCES), I assured voters that we would intensify our engagement with stakeholders ahead of the election. Happily, the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has made it easier for us by bringing all the stakeholders together. In particular, I want to thank the Chairman of the FCT Council of Traditional Rulers, the Ona of Abaji His Royal Highness Alhaji (Dr) Adamu Baba Yunusa MFR and all other Royal Highnesses for their presence and untiring commitment to peace in the FCT. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) also appreciates the assurances of support by all other groups for peaceful elections on Saturday next week. As you are all aware, the FCT is the only part of the country where INEC is required by law to conduct Local Government elections. For this reason, Area Council elections are regularly and consistently conducted every three years to elect six Chairmen or Chairwomen as the case may be and 62 Councillors. There are no Caretaker Committees in the FCT, only democratically-elected councils. It is also the only Local Government election in Nigeria where bye-elections are conducted to fill vacant councillorship positions as the need arises, the last being the Rimba/Ebagi Ward bye-election in Abaji Area Council held on 24th April 2021 following the death of Hon. Usman Wodi. The forthcoming 2022 Area Council election is the third consecutive poll conducted by the present Commission in the FCT since April 2016. After the period for substitution and withdrawal of candidates as provided by law, the Commission has listed 473 candidates sponsored by 14 political parties for the forthcoming elections. In all, 110 candidates (Chair and Vice Chair) are vying for the leadership of the six Area Councils while 363 candidates are competing for 62 councilorship positions. Detailed analysis of the candidates by Area Councils, political parties, gender, age and educational qualifications has already been uploaded to our website for public information. With only nine days to the election, major activities have been concluded. Right now, the Commission is only putting the finishing touches to our preparations. Continuous Voter Registration (CVR) was conducted over a period of six months. Permanent Voters Cards (PVCs) have been printed and made available for collection. There are enough ad hoc staff engaged and trained for the election. Non-sensitive materials have been deployed to the various Area Councils. Non-pharmaceutical materials have been procured to protect voters and personnel from COVID-19 in line with the Commission’s policy based on the protocols prescribed by health authorities. Voter education and publicity are ongoing. Transport arrangements have been made, including motorcycles for remote locations and boats for riverine areas. We have had several meetings with the security agencies in the area councils, the FCT and the national level on how to address potential threats to the election and secure the process. They have also been trained on the code of conduct for security personnel on election duty to ensure their neutrality and professionalism. With regard to election technology for voter accreditation, the Commission has reviewed the performance of the Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS) in the recent Anambra State Governorship election. Lessons learnt from that election have been considered in planning for the Area Council elections. The BVAS have been configured and ready to deploy for the election. We have also made adequate arrangements for technical support and transportation to speedily respond in the unlikely event of glitches on Election Day. Similarly, election results will be uploaded to the INEC Result Viewing portal (IReV) in real-time when voting ends and votes are counted at polling units on Election Day. The Commission is happy with the behaviour of parties and candidates in the FCT. So far, there are no adverse reports of clashes between supporters of different parties and not many incidents of hate or inciting speeches as they canvass for votes. I commend the stakeholders for their advocacy for peaceful elections. I appeal to political parties and candidates to continue to show maturity and decorum as campaigns come to a close and Election Day draws nearer. The 2022 FCT Area Council Election is not without its fair share of litigations. Right now, there are eight cases in court challenging the nomination or educational qualification of candidates. Some of the cases are already before the Supreme Court. However, contrary to the Commission’s experience in previous elections around the country, there are no conflicting judgments or orders by courts of coordinate jurisdiction anywhere on the forthcoming FCT elections. Let me seize this opportunity to appreciate the judiciary, particularly the FCT High Court, for standing firm to the shenanigans of forum shoppers and litigation-happy individuals who often waste the precious time of the Courts and INEC by litigating even the most improbable cases. At this juncture, I wish to draw your attention to a few areas where the Commission needs the support of all stakeholders in the FCT. You may recall that early last year, INEC succeeded in expanding voter access to polling units for the first time in 25 years in spite of the apparent expansion of the voter population and emergence of new settlements. From just 562 polling units, the Commission established additional 2,260 units and relocated some of them from congested locations to proximate but underserved areas. We gave voters the opportunity to transfer to some of the new polling units. Unfortunately, voters did not take advantage of this opportunity as we had expected in all cases. Consequently, there are 593 polling units in the FCT without registered voters, 1,328 polling units with between 0-50 voters and 546 polling units with over 1,000 registered voters. We have already informed political parties, civil society organisations, the media and security agencies at the national level about this development. The Commission has decided that no election will take place at the polling units without registered voters. No materials have been produced for these units and no personnel will be deployed to them. However, voting will take place in all the other polling units. For congested polling units, the Commission will deploy more than one BVAS to facilitate a speedy accreditation of voters. We will also deploy additional staff to these locations. We also agreed with the security agencies to deploy more personnel to ensure peace and order. For transparency, the Commission is making the hard copies of the detailed locations of these polling units to all stakeholders at this meeting. In addition, soft copies have also been uploaded to our website. By doing so, we want to achieve two objectives. First is to ensure that voters in the FCT and indeed all Nigerians are aware of these polling units and the arrangements made for them on Election Day. Secondly, to seek the support of all stakeholders to ensure that these polling units are populated ahead of the 2023 General Election. We need the support of especially the traditional, community and religious leaders in this regard. Before I conclude, let me once again reiterate the importance of peace to the successful conduct of the Area Council elections. For our part, we will protect the integrity of the process. Our eyes are on all our officials, be they ad hoc or regular staff, to ensure that they strictly abide by the rules. All parties, candidates and their supporters should do the same. No one will benefit from the disruption of the process or other acts of bad bahaviour. Let the voters in the FCT choose their leaders in a free, fair and peaceful contest. In terms of grassroots democracy, FCT is a leading light in Nigeria with its regular and well-conducted Area Council elections. Each political party has the chance of winning an election in the FCT. Let the 2022 Area Council election be the beacon for a peaceful and credible 2023 General Election. On this note, let me again express our appreciation to the Honourable Minister of FCT for the kind invitation to address this stakeholders’ meeting. May I also seize this opportunity to invite you all to the INEC Stakeholders meeting on Tuesday 8th February 2022 at the NAF Conference Centre, Kado, Abuja. At that meeting parties and candidates will commit to peace during the elections. I thank you and God bless. The Independent National Electoral Commission on Wednesday assured residents that it was fully prepared for the February 12, 2022, Federal Capital Territory Area Council elections. The Chairman of INEC, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, stated this when he led the commission’s management team on an on-the-spot assessment on the level of preparedness… In "Politics" Abuja  -   The Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC) in the Federal Capital Territory, Prof. Jacob Jatau, said more than one million voters were expected to participate in Saturday’s council elections in the territory. The REC gave the figure during a stakeholders’ meeting on Tuesday in Abuja. He stressed that only… In "Politics" With one week to the November 6 governorship election in Anambra State, the Independent National Electoral Commission on Friday said 86 out of the 5,720 Polling Units in the state have no voters. The commission, however, said it would not deploy personnel and materials to the polling units without voters.… In "News"