A Catholic Priest, Rev. Fr. Kareem Smith has urged the African Americans to reclaim their identity as black Christians and hold to Christ banner of justice in their service to God and humanity. Smith made the call in his homily at St. Patrick’s Cathedral, New York, to celebrate the Annual Archdiocesan Black History Month and National Day for African American and African Family. Black History Month is an annual celebration of achievements by African Americans in February, and it is a time to recognise their central role in U.S. history. The priest said that the road for change always begin in black Church where black Christians are known for transforming the society. “We must not stop; we must reclaim the identity, our church is crying for leadership, black Church must stand to what we say we are. “Black folks are gift to the church. We must take our seats at the table because we have made our contributions and we deserve to be there,’’ he said. According to him, the black Americans are often faced with the question of “worth” as their average income as a people is insignificant lower than their white counterpart.’’ The priest said the black were often discriminated in the getting good jobs, in getting the best education and often treated unjustly. “It is true that we are the last to be hired, we are still rejected from getting high paid jobs and our children making the highest number of incarcerated. “In spite of these, we know whom we are, we are in this service because God is preparing to do something new in our lives. “We have gathered to look back so that we can look forward. We should not forget our history as Black Americans, and we should be conscious of the history we will make. “The task ahead of us is great. Justice not still unjust when prisoners are filled with the black. It is wonderful to teach racial tolerance as part of elementary curriculum, but we need to teach it in reality,’’ he said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports the mass was celebrated by Timothy Cardinal Dolan, the Catholic Archbishop of New York. @ •Martin Luther King Jr. BHM – A primer The Black History Month was officially recognised by Gerald Ford in 1976 and each February the month is designated by the US president as Black History Month with a specific theme chosen by the Association for the Study of African-American Life and… In "Column - Tuesday" A Nigerian model on Twitter @Dimssoo has made important points while calling out RnB singer, Beyoncé for making money from African culture while making the continent seem bad. The model @Dimssoo on the social networking platform also accused the American singer of being part of the people who contribute to… In "Social Media Feeds" I was not just born into a Roman Catholic household, yours truly has  spent a good chunk of his adult life living the faith. Like many in my neck of the woods, Catholicism is more than just a religion, it is a family tradition. Growing up, we were made to… In "Opinion"