A former participant in the reality TV show, Ultimate Love, Kachi Ucheagwu, has said that having money is not a guarantee that one would have a successful relationship. He told Sunday Scoop, “Money cannot buy true love. I know a friend who sponsored his fiancée through school. He was there for her and her family. At the end of the day, she abandoned him for another man. “The guy had money but she did not stay because money was not enough to keep her. She must have probably seen some things she could not work with. That was why they did not end up together. “There are cases of both women and men whose spouses are wealthy but they are not getting the desired attention or love. This makes them to seek the desired attention elsewhere. One can decide to ‘bankroll’ a person but if their heart belongs somewhere else, nothing can stop them from leaving. They would just hang around for what they can benefit from the person.” On the qualities he wants in a woman, he said, “I desire my woman to be God-fearing, industrious, knowledge driven, a go-getter, have a sense of humour and be my confidant.” Speaking on his recent projects, he said, “I have been working on different projects. First, I leveraged the business I was involved in prior to the show, which was mainly importation. I was able to raise some funds and I invested in an aspect of real estate. I recently added a beauty salon to the number of businesses I have. “My decision to go into real estate was inspired by my passion and desire to be successful without getting involved in fraud. On the show, I divided my goals into short-term, medium and long-term. Since the money came earlier, I decided to start from somewhere. “I am not from a wealthy home, so, I have a burning desire to be better than my father because I really want them (my parents) to be proud of me.”    Kachi, a Nigerian reality Tv star who won the Ultimate Love reality show has revealed the reason his relationship with Rosie crashed. Kachi and Rosie were the winners of the reality dating show “Ultimate love”. However, the relationship hit the rocks weeks ago after rumors emerged on social media. Kachi,… In "Entertainment" During the week, a former Big Brother Naija housemate, Cross Okonkwo, posted a receipt online, which indicated that he spent N3m at a nightclub. Shortly after, Kachi, a former contestant on the reality show, Ultimate Love, chided Cross for spending extravagantly. However, in an interview with Sunday Scoop, Cross stated… In "Entertainment" By Reuben Abati What a relief! So, the Big Brother Naija reality television programme is finally over. It ended Sunday evening with 23-year old Efe Michael Ejemba, University of Jos graduate of Economics and singer winning the N25 million + SUV at stake, with 57.6 percent of the votes from… In "Opinion"