By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Special Military Task Force, code named, Operation Safe Haven (OPSH), in Plateau State, has inaugurated a 26-man committee to implement the recommendation peace report of the 36 man committee earlier inaugurated last year by the Taskforce. The 36 man committee earlier inaugurated was to find a lasting solution to the lingering crisis between the troubled communities of Bassa, Jos North, Jos South and Riyom Local Government Council. To implement the report, the Operation Safe Haven Commander, Maj. Gen. Ibrahim Ali, thought it wise to inaugurate another committee to do justice to the report. However, the terms of reference given to the new committee was to come up with strategies, timelines to the commencement of the implementation of the recommendation of the 36 man committee, our correspondent said. Consequently, speaking at the inauguration ceremony at the OPSH headquarters on Saturday in Jos, Gen. Ali said the 26 man committee were carefully selected to ensure effective and unbiased implementation. According to him: “We all acknowledge that the incessant crises amongst the various ethnic groups in Bassa, Jos North and Jos South LGAs in Plateau State have continued to undermine peace and security in the areas over the years. “The report of 36-man committee contains modalities that if thoroughly implemented would assist Operation Safe HAVEN, Plateau State Government and other security agencies in achieving lasting peace in Plateau. “Implementation would require total dedication, commitment and sacrifice from all the parties and stakeholders to achieve the much desired peace. “The 26 man implementation committee members were carefully and painstakingly selected based on their pedigree as sustainable peace builders, commitment, loyalty and service to humanity. “The importance of the task of the committee cannot be overemphasize. It is a very herculean task in front of you with very high hopes and expectations from all and sundry. I therefore, urged you to be impartial, neutral, upright and devoid of compromise and sentiments in the discharge of this enormous responsibility bestowed on you”, Gen. Ali said. However, the committee is expected to submit its implementation plan on March 31 2022. By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Commander of the Special Military Task Force in Plateau State, code named Operation Safe Haven (OPSH), Maj. Gen Ibrahim Ali has charged the warring communities of Irigwe and Fulani youths in Bassa Local Government Area of the State to maintain peace between… In "News" By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The 36 man Committee members inaugurated by the Special Military Task Force in Plateau State, has finally come up with 94 pages report recommendation on how to end the over 20 years crisis which started in 2001. Recall that the Task Force Commander,… In "Top Stories" By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The combination of the Special Military Task Force (STF) and the 3rd Armored Division of the Nigerian Army in Plateau State is in no doubt facilitating a speedy restoration of peace in the State. The STF code named Operation Safe Haven (OPSH), was… In "Top Stories"