The political rivalry between the Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike and his predecessor and current Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi might not be ending anytime soon as the duo seems to be in an eternal competition. Call it a coincidence or an arranged situation, the two politicians from the same cultural bloc in Rivers State; Ikwerre and former allies turned enemies received different traditional titles today, 5th February, 2022. While the minister of Transportation went all the way to president Buhari’s hometown in Daura, Katsina State, his brother, Wike went to Kalabari in Rivers State  to be coronated. While Amaechi was Turbaned as the Dan Amanar Daura (the Trusted one of Daura), Wike received the title of Se-ibidabo 1 of Kalabari kingdom (The one who want the good of Kalabari people) Governor Nyesom Wike adorning the Regalia of his new title; Se-ibidabo 1 of Kalabari kingdom (The one who want the good of Kalabari people)There are strong indications that the duo are will be contesting for the same position in the 2023 general elections. Amaechi is hoping to outwit the likes of Former Lagos Governor, Bola Tinubu, Former Imo Governor, Rochas Okorocha and a host of others to pick the nomination of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC while Wike is leaving no stone unturned in his bid to defeat former vice president, Atiku Abubakar, his ally in the 2019 election, Aminu Tambuwal and other Governors of his party; the PDP that also interested in flying the flag of their party. Wike was the Chief of Staff when Amaechi was at the helm of affairs in the oil rich state. (Journalist101) Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) leaders in the three Kalabari local government areas of Asari Toru, Akuku Toru and Degema of Rivers State have endorsed former Minister of State for Education, Mr. Nyesom Wike as their preferred governorship aspirant in the forthcoming Rivers PDP governorship primary. The leaders, compromising seasoned politicians,… In "News" By Aniebo Nwamu   By 2019, four Ikwerre men would have ruled Rivers State for 20 unbroken years. The people of riverine Ogoni, Kalabari, Opobo and at least 40 other ethnic groups that make up the state have been grumbling. Apparently in a bid to assuage such feelings, Rotimi Amaechi,… In "Opinion" There was a face-off between Governor, Nyesom Wike of Rivers State and his predecessor, Rotimi Amaechi, on Saturday at the burial of a former Justice of the Supreme Court, Adolphus Karibi-Whyte, in the Abonnema, Akuku-Toru Local Government Area of the state. Amaechi, who is the Minister of Transportation, while speaking… In "Politics"