Former Anambra State Governor, Peter Obi has condemned the impeachment of Mahdi Aliyu Mohammed Gusau as the Deputy Governor of Zamfara State.Obi in a personally-signed statement released on Friday afternoon said there is no constitutional basis for what happened in Zamafara State, describing the entire episode as ‘toxic politics.’ The 2019 Vice Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) added while offering support to the impeached deputy governor that the action by the Zamfara State House of Assembly is a desecration of Nigeria’s constitutional democracy. The statement reads: “The impeachment of Mahdi Aliyu Mohammed Gusau as Dep. Gov. of Zamfara has no basis in law but is predicated only on toxic politics. “As someone who was wrongfully impeached and became the first Nigerian public officer to come back from impeachment, I can relate to this desecration of our constitutional democracy and offer my unalloyed support to him.” Naija News recalls after listing three major offences against Gusau, the Zamfara State House of Assembly impeached him during plenary on Wednesday after the House received the report of the committee. Senator Hassan Nasiha has since been confirmed as the new Deputy Governor of Zamfara by the state House of Assembly. The All Progressives Congress (APC) federal lawmaker was confirmed on Wednesday following his nomination by the state Governor, Bello Matawalle. Nasiha (Zamfara Central – APC) was appointed shortly after the assembly impeached the former Deputy Governor, Aliyu Gusau during plenary on Wednesday. Naija News reports the Zamfara State Governor Bello Matawalle and his Deputy fell out in July 2021, after Matawalle defected to the All Progressives Congress (APC) but Gusau remained in the PDP. The Zamfara House of Assembly has commenced impeachment process against the Deputy Governor of the state, Alhaji Mahadi Aliyu. This is contained in a statement issued in Gusau on Friday by the Director General, Press Affairs and Public Relations to the legislature, Malam Mustafa Jafaru-Kaura. According to the statement, the… In "News" Aliyu Mahdi Gusau, Deputy Governor, Zamfara State ABUJA - Justice Obiora Egwuatu of the Federal High Court Abuja, has restrained the Zamfara State House of Assembly, the Chief Judge and others from making any move to impeach the Deputy Governor od the state, Aliyu Mahdi Gusau. The deputy governor refused… In "Security" The Speaker of Zamfara State House of Assembly, Alhaji Nasiru Magarya has told Shehu Anka, the Clerk, to issue all members with the impeachment notice of the deputy governor of the state, Mahdi Gusau. A statement from the spokesman of the House, Mustafa Kaura stated that the action was pursuant… In "News"