The Buhari Media Organization (BMO) has accused the National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Iyorchia Ayu of “open and shameless” association with the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB).The BMO Chairman, Niyi Akinsiju in a statement said the PDP and its chairman are supporting the proscribed Biafra agitators. Naija News reports the BMO statement follows the declaration by Ayu that his administration won’t follow the path by the All Progressives Congress (APC) administration led by President Muhammadu Buhari which he claimed had made the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) an enemy instead of treating the root cause. The party chairman noted that political imbalance, marginalization of the South-East people, was the root cause of the agitations for secession by IPOB and the ESN. ADVERTISEMENT Reacting, the BMO said the open support for IPOB/ESN activities by the PDP is not only worrisome but shameful. The group said Ayu must apologize to Nigerians for supporting a terrorist group and accusing the APC of using the Department of State Services (DSS) to hound the members of the proscribed group. BMO said: “Our attention has been drawn to comments made by the National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, Iyorchia Ayu recently in Owerri, Imo state, on IPOB and its activities in the South East region. ADVERTISEMENT “We view Ayu’s speech as unbecoming from a man who was once a Senate President, but it is also a sign of the symbiotic relationship between the struggling opposition party and a group that has for years launched terrorist attacks in a part of the country. “It is more or less a Freudian slip from someone who knows that IPOB elements are PDP sympathizers whose activities are more pronounced in states that do not have governors elected on its platform and are bent on making things difficult for the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration. “By seeking to compare IPOB activities to problems that sparked agitation in the Niger Delta region, the PDP chairman did no justice to his academic credentials because the issues are not the same. “More worrying is Ayu’s attempt to discredit a national institution when he said ‘we will not use DSS to kill your people as the APC-led administration did’. “We believe that Ayu needs to apologize to Nigeria and Nigerians for playing politics with an agitation that many people are not comfortable with”. BMO further accused the PDP leadership of attempting to play politics with a sensitive national security issue, recalling that even a prominent PDP stalwart, Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State had previously stated that he won’t tolerate IPOB activities in his domain. BMO said it should be on the record “that until PDP’s official endorsement of IPOB’s terrorist’s activities, no senior member of the party had either condemned or spoken out against the orgy of violence the group and its militant wing, Eastern Security Network (ESN) had brought to bear on the region. “Even as we speak, members of this group are still killing innocent Nigerians in the process of enforcing a hare-brained stay-at-home order that was first declared by its leadership in the aftermath of the arrest of IPOB founder, Nnamdi Kanu. “In case Ayu pretends not to know, the federal government proscribed IPOB in 2017 after its violent activities became intolerable and the courts in January 2018 affirmed that it was indeed a terror group. “We also invite him to note that one of the senior figures in his party and Governor of Rivers state Nyesom Wike issued an Executive Order in 2021 proscribing the group and warning that on no account would he tolerate the hoisting of what he called an ‘unnecessary flag’ in his State “So we are constrained to ask what piece of advice Ayu has offered his PDP colleague on IPOB matters, especially as he (Wike) has shown more intolerance for the secessionist group than even governors in the South East. “Besides, we find it ironic that a party that did little or nothing for the region in 16 years is accusing a party that has done more in almost seven years of uplifting the region”. The leadership of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has applauded the governors of the southeast states for banning open grazing in the region. IPOB in a statement on Tuesday by its Publicity Secretary, Comrade Emma Powerful thanked the governors for respecting the wishes of the people of the… In "News" From Juliana Taiwo, Abuja, Jeff Amechi Agbodo, Onitsh and George Onyejiuwa, Owerri. The Federal Government, yesterday came close to unveiling the identities of alleged sponsors of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). Addressing journalists after the weekly Federal executive Council (FEC) meeting in Abuja, Minister of Information and Culture, Lai… In "Top Stories" The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has dismissed claim by Governor of Imo State, Hope Uzodimma, that it hijacked the Eastern Security Network (ESN) from the South East governors. In a statement by it media and publicity secretary, Emma Powerful, it said ESN was created out of necessity after it… In "News"