The Federal Government said it will today meet with the leadership of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) over the one-month warning strike embarked upon by its members. Mr. Charles Akpan, the Deputy Director, Press and Public Relations in the Ministry of Labour and Employment, said this in a statement on Monday in Abuja. According to Akpan, the Minister for Labour and Employment, Sen. Chris Ngige, will be meeting with the executives of the union and other relevant government agencies. “The meeting is scheduled for Tuesday, by 1:00p.m at the minister’s conference room,” he said. The striking lecturers had embarked on a four-week rollover total and comprehensive strike on February 14, to press home their demands. The lecturers’ agitations include funding for the revitalisation of public universities, earned academic allowances, University Transparency Accountability Solution and promotion arrears. Others are the renegotiation of 2009 ASUU-FGN agreement, and the inconsistencies in Integrated Personnel and Payroll Information System (IPPIS). The lecturers also alleged that none of their demands had been fully met by the Federal Government. Dr. Chris Ngige, the Minister of Labour and Employment, is set to meet with the Academic Staff Union of Universities.   According to The PUNCH, the minister will today meet with the leadership of the Academic Staff Union of Universities in a bid to end the over six months strike… In "News" THE meeting between the Federal Government and the Academic Staff Union of Universities deadlocked again on Wednesday, following the disagreement over the payment platform that would be used in disbursing the salary arrears and the N30bn Earned Allowances of the university lecturers.   The FG team led by… In "Education" The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has directed it various branches to hold congresses and decide the fate of the eight-month-old strike based on the new offer by the Federal Government. ASUU asked each branch to hold congress between today and Wednesday, November 25 and that the outcome would… In "Education"