 Popular singer Omawumi Megbele has opened up how she was body-shamed while growing up. According to her, there were times she couldn’t stop applying makeup. The artist noted how she was called several names to describe that affected has self-esteem. She made this statement on her Instagram page.She wrote: “I was one of those kids they used to call ‘Hammer Headed’, ‘OGORstina’ and ‘Ekpengbe forehead’. “In fact, one of my aunts used to call me ‘Beauty’. She said she was using it to prophecy into my life that I will be pretty someday.” The music star also added how she fully embraced her imperfections as nobody’s perception can affect her decisions. “Now the only thing that has changed is that I’m madly in love with my imperfect me, with my ekpengbe forehead, with my knock knees, with my cellulites and stretch marks like a map of Africa! “I’m in love with my skin and everything within. And guess what? I can still decide to change or hide a flaw because that too is okay! “What I won’t do is allow anybody’s perception of me direct the decisions I make for myself. I am beautiful. You are beautiful too!”: She added.  Priscilla Osaje Abuja - Nigerian gospel singer, Mercy Chinwo received a car gift as she turned 29 years old Thursday The singer who could not held back her excitement over the unexpected gift, took to her instragram handle @mercychinwo to express how joyful she was. “What exactly did I do… In "Entertainment" Popular Nigerian Singer, Waje, has revealed that her colleague in the music industry, Omawumi, is her true friend for many years. Waje in an interview with Sunday Scoop, said somethings about her friend, Omawumi; “When you meet someone who you shares the same tastes with and reasons alike with you, then you… In "Entertainment" By Olayinka Oyegbile and Gboyega Alaka • Blames mother-in-law • Exonerates former Vice President It seemed quite like an epic love story. Love-struck aristocratic young man, fighting off all oppositions, including his mother, to be with his heartthrob. Woman giving up everything to be with her beau, and three lovely… In "Features"