By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) – The six amendment Bills on Aviation brought by the executive to the National Assembly has been passed by the House of Representatives. The House Committee on Aviation led by Honourable Nnolim Nnaji began work on the Bills last year with well attended public hearing by stakeholders which lasted for three days. At the end of the public hearing which elicited far reaching views from the aviation stakeholders and members of the public, the Committee on Aviation went extensive work to produce the intended amendments which were laid before the Houseof the whole. Honourable Nnaji had in his remarks before the House went into the Committee of the whole for clause to clause consideration of the amended Bills stressed that the essence of the amendments was to reposition the aviation industry for the good of the country. He added that the amendments had been thoroughly worked on to prepare the sector for better services comparable to the international best practices and in line with the International Civil Aviation Organization, (ICAO) standards. Honourable Nnaji had also urged the House to give the passage of the Bills urgent consideration in view of the importance of the sector to the overall economy of the country and in consideration of the increased in demand for air travel ocassioned by the prevailing security situation in the country. The Bills were unanimous passed by the Committee of the Whole after considerations and will be duly transmitted to the President for his assent accordingly.The Bills are; Bill for an Act to reapeal the Nigerian Meteorological Agency Establishment Act, 2008 and to enact the Nigerian Meteorological Agency Act to provide for the regulation of metrology and related matters HB.464, a Bill for an Act to repeal the Nigeriian College of Aviation Technology, Act, Cap.N96, LFN, 2010 and to Enact the Nigerian College of Aviation Technology Act, to provide for its Organization, Control and Operation and for Related matters HB.463, and a Bill for an Act to repeal the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency Act for the purpose of providing Effective Air Navigation Services in Nigeria, Ensuring Safety and Regularity of Air Navigation in Nigeria and to Any other place which Nigeria has responsibility of providing Air Navigation Services and for Related matters HB. 462.Others are, a Bill for an Act to repeal the Civil Aviation Act, 2006 and to Enact the Civil Aviation Act for the Regulation of Civil Aviation in Nigeria and for related matters HB.460, a Bill for an Act to provide for the Establishment of Nigerian Safety Investigation Bureau, for the regulation, prevention and providing effective administration for safety investigation in Nigeria and for related matters. HB465 and a Bill for an Act to repeal the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria Act, Cap. F5 LFN 2010 and to enact the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria Act to provide for the effective management of airports in Nigeria and related matters HB. 461. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - House of Representatives is spearheading a major reform of the nation's international airports in support of the Federal Government's Ease of Doing Business, (EODB) initiative that will usher in a single security screening point for arriving and departing passengers. This followed the outcome… In "Top Stories" By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - The Senate on Tuesday at the Committee of the Whole passed the Company and Allied Matters Amendment Bill, 2020. The passage of the bill was sequel to consideration of clause-by-clause of the 861 clauses of the bill. The piece of legislation was sponsored by Senate… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Nigeria Civil Aviation Authority, (NCAA) has been told not to issue Air Operators' Certificate, (AOC) to the Nigeria Eagle Airline being midewifed by the ASSET Management Company of Nigeria (AMCON). The House of Representatives Committee on Aviation gave the directive in Abuja… In "Top Stories"