Thousands of Russians have protested against President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine.  The protest rocked cities across Russia, as protesters showed anger over their country’s invasion of another country. So far, more than 1,700 people were arrested in at least 47 cities across the nation, according to rights group OVD-Info. The group was declared a foreign agent last year, when Putin launched a sweeping crackdown on activists, rights groups, and opposition figures. Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny on Thursday spoke out against the attacks during a court hearing, as members of the Russian political elite either remained silent or celebrated. “I have no method of communicating with the outside world,” Navalny said at the Lefortovo District Court hearing. “I ask that my appeal to the court and to the world be recorded,” he said. “I am against this war. I believe that this war between Russia and Ukraine is being waged to cover up the robbery of Russian citizens and to distract their attention from the problems that exist within the country from the degradation of the economy,” Nalvany added.  source Moscow -  Police detained over a hundred opposition activists on Saturday for taking part in a wave of anti-Kremlin protests across Russia in support of jailed opposition leader Alexei Navalny. Under gray skies and intermittent rain, over two thousand people gathered in central Moscow’s Pushkin Square and chanted “Russia will… In "Foreign" Moscow  -   Police on Monday used pepper spray on protesters in central Moscow after crowds of people responded to a call by Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny to hold a protest, a Reuters witness reported from the scene. It was not immediately clear who sprayed the gas. Earlier, hundreds… In "Foreign" Two days in, the Russian offensive appeared to be stymied by stiffer-than-expected resistance from highly motivated Ukrainian armed forces. Despite an overwhelming advantage in manpower and equipment, the Russian advance lost some of its momentum Friday and the quick victory Russian President Vladimir Putin was counting on is no longer… In "Foreign"