The outgoing Flag Officer Commanding (FOC), Eastern Naval Command, Rear Adm. S.K. Ibrahim says the Nigerian Navy will continue to provide adequate security to Critical National Assets (CNA) in the Niger Delta.  The Navy said it would ensure increased economic development of the area for the overall benefit of the people and investors.A statement by Prof. Anthony Adegbulugbe, the Chief Executive Officer of Green Energy International Ltd. (GEIL), made this known on Wednesday in Abuja.Ibrahim made this known at the commissioning of the Navy Mini-Barracks at Ekefe Junction -Ikuru Town, Rivers. The Mini Barracks was built and donated to the Nigerian Navy by Green Energy International Ltd., the operator of the Otakikpo Marginal Field in collaboration with its technical partner, Lekoil Oil and Gas Ltd.Ibrahim was represented by Commodore S. G. Olubode Fazaz, the Commander, Nigerian Navy Ship Jubilee,He said that corporate organisations, the communities and security agencies must continue to work together in synergy with protect investments. He said the gesture would secure the lives and property in the Niger Delta.Ibrahim said the Nigerian Navy, under the Chief of Naval Staff, Vice Adm. A. Z. Gambo had improved the security environment of the area. He commended Green Energy for the consistent focus on securing the area of operation in Andoni and recalled the construction of the Navy barracks in Ikuru town. He said that the mini barracks would provide more accommodation and facilities to the navy staff the in performance of their duties.Ibrahim called on other companies in the area to emulate the oil and gas company.In his remarks, the CEO of Green Energy International Ltd. (GEIL) Adegbulugbe said the building of the mini barracks was part of its Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR). Adegbulugbe said it would aid the performance of the Nigerian Navy.He said the project was a follow up to the building of the Navy facility and barracks in Ikuru town in Andoni community in 2015.He said there was a donation of a Hilux truck in 2019, adding that the security network of the area would be improved with the additional provision of accommodation. The facility consists of six rooms, a security post and an observation tower, a kitchen, a store and office complex.Others include a 20kVA generator and 12 panel and six battery solar lighting system.Adegbulugbe said the donations were made in the light of the company’s mandate to create a localised domestic market based on small scale gas opportunities in Nigeria and Africa.He said that the company with its JV partner were investing in gas utilisation through LPG and gas to power the projects.He said that the projects were nearing completion and due for commissioning in second quarter of 2022. The CEO said with over six years of its operation in the area, the company had enjoyed the cooperation of security agencies. Adegbulugbe said that with the plans to expand the operations of the company, the Government Security Forces ( GSF) should enhance its security network in the area . He said it was for the benefit of the critical investments and the economy. He called on the naval authorities to make effective use of the facility to enhance its performance.  (NAN) Ikuru  - The Nigerian Navy has expressed its readiness to tackle the challenges of insecurity and illegal oil bunkering on the coastlines through community collaboration. The Chief of Naval Staff, Vice-Admiral Ibok Ibas, gave the assurance during the inauguration of a Navy residential quarters in Ikuru Town, Andoni Local Government… In "News" Lagos  -  The Director-General, Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), Dr Dakuku Peterside, has called for a military-led patrol of Nigerian maritime domain to reduce incidents of piracy in the Gulf of Guinea. This is contained in a statement by the Head, Public Relations Department in NIMASA, Hajia Lami… In "News" By Shedrack Frank Elele (Rivers) -   The Central Naval Command of the Nigerian Navy on Monday flagged off its small arms firing and range classification exercise to refresh its personnel’s marksmanship and weapons handling skills. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the exercise, which is part of the… In "News"