Chairman/Chief Executive of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), Brig.-Gen. Mohamed Buba Marwa (retd.), has urged all tertiary institutions in Nigeria to make drug integrity test an institutional policy for new and returning students. He said this would boost the fight against drug abuse among Nigerian youths. Marwa spoke yesterday at the University of Abuja (UniAbuja) while launching the “Drug-Free University campaign”. The NDLEA boss called for partnership between the agency and the university system to enable the agency set up outposts on campuses to further strengthen the authorities in fighting the scourge. “Part of the measures to reduce drug use in the university is the proposed introduction of the Drug Integrity Test for both new and returning students. The Drug Integrity Test is anticipated to metamorphose into an anti-drug policy for all higher institutions of learning in Nigeria. It is expected that the University of Abuja, being the ‘University of National Unity’, will be the first public university in Nigeria to adopt the Drug Integrity Test for fresh and returning students of the institution. The Drug Integrity Test is not a punitive measure; rather, it is an early detection tool to ascertain an individual’s drug use status for appropriate intervention and timely treatment and care,” he said. All tertiary institutions in the country have been asked by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) to make drug integrity test an institutional policy for students and form a partnership with the agency to curb the menace of drug abuse in schools. NDLEA Chairman, Brig. Gen. Buba Marwa (Retd.)… In "News" Chairman/Chief Executive of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), Brig.-Gen. Mohamed Buba Marwa (retd.), has again stressed the need for politicians seeking public offices and students seeking admission into higher institutions to be tested for drugs. He said as elections come up across the country, there is the need… In "Features" Chairman/Chief Executive Officer of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA, Brig. General Mohamed Buba Marwa (Retd) has said all Nigerians should be subjected to drug test. He said the current push to conduct drug test on politicians, workers and students is to be able to urgently provide help for… In "Features"