Hundreds of members of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, have decamped to the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, in Dakayyawa Ward in Kaugama Local Government Area of Jigawa State. Kaugama local government party chairman, Alhaji Ubale Arbus, disclosed this while receiving the decampees at Dakayyawa village. He said over 282 members of the main opposition party joined the ruling APC because of the present administration’s commitments in providing dividends of democracy to the common man. Arbus also promised to treat the defected members like any other member of the party. He added that APC is open to all the interested members of other parties in the state. Earlier, speaking on behalf of the other defectors Bala, “Yalleman said they decided to join the train in recognition of the examplary leadership of President Muhammadu Buhari, Governor Muhammad Badaru Abubakar and member representing Malam-Madori/Kaugama Federal Constituency, Hon. Makki Yellema.” He, however, promised to work hard towards the success of the party in the 2023 general elections. By Nabilu Balarabe Kaugama (Jigawa) -  No fewer than 900 members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Kaugama Local Government Area of Jigawa on Monday defected to the All Progressives Congress (APC). Receiving the defectors in Kaugama, the State Deputy Governor, Alhaji Ibrahim Hassan, urged them to work for… In "Politics" KAUGAMA (JIGAWA) - Gov. Sule Lamido of Jigawa on Tuesday said he was still a card carrying member of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Lamido made the declaration at a PDP governorship rally in Kaugama, Kaugama Local Government Area, Jigawa. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] The governor made the declaration against insinuations that… In "News" Hadejia (Jigawa)-Alhaji Ubali Shitu of All Progressives Congress (APC), has emerged winner of the Jigawa north-east senatorial election. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Shitu won the election by defeating two other candidates of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), and Peoples Democratic Movement (PDM). [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] Declaring the… In "News"