Zubairu, the technical chief of Gombe United Football Club, says his team’s 3-0 win over visiting MFM FC of Lagos on Thursday was hard-earned.  Zubairu, who also commended his players for displaying commitment in the match, said: “the players worked hard to earn the victory”. He however added that his players’ improvement was a work-in-progress, assuring that they would continue to work hard to achieve better results. The coach who expressed his delight with the number of goals scored during the match said he was happy that they have broken the jinx of goalscoring. “We will continue to build on it though.” He also praised his team’s fans and dedicated their to them, saying they and other spectators during their match were “fantastic and very supportive.” Zubairu said the fans had been persistent in their support even at times when his team were not getting the expected results. He said the fans and spectators had been playing their roles in motivating the team to victory. “They have been supporting us every minute and that’s really pushing the team to success. “If they are being negative, the team will not be motivated to achieve the results we have today. So, we give it (the win) to the fans,” the coach said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Gombe United defeated MFM FC 3-0 in the Match Day 10 fixture of the 2021/2022 Nigeria Professional Football League (NPFL). Victory in the match played on Thursday at the Pantami Stadium in Gombe was Gombe United’s third win in the 10 matches they have so far played in the league this season. NAN reports that the three goals were scored by Yusuf Abdulazeez (in the 10th and 44th minutes) and Mohammed Aminu (in the 41st minute). Gombe United now have 12 points from 10 matches, after three wins, three draws and four losses, and face hosts Heartland FC of Owerri on Sunday in a week 11 fixture.  NAN By Mariam Akande/Olanrewaju Akojede Lagos-based MFM FC will face an uphill task overturning the 0-1 defeat they suffered in the hands of visiting Djoliba FC of Mali in the elimination match of the CAF Confederation Cup at the Agege Township Stadium. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the… In "Sports" The technical chiefs of both Gombe United Football Club and Enyimba International on Sunday decried what they viewed as the poor officiating of their 2021/2022 Nigeria Professional Football League (NPFL). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Match Day 6 fixture ended in a goalless draw at the… In "Sports" Lagos  -  Rangers International FC of Enugu and Lagos-based MFM on Wednesday missed the opportunity to top the Nigeria Professional Football League (NPFL) table after playing a 1-1 draw at the Agege Stadium, Lagos. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that both clubs aiming to top the league with… In "Sports"