A man has revealed that after removing his Nigerian native name from his CV, he has gotten many job offers in the United Kingdom.  Inein Victor Garrick, a Nigerian living in the United Kingdom (UK) was born in Southwest Nigeria and now currently works as a Safety Inspector at Transport for Wales. He said he began using his middle name Victor after struggling to get any job offers years after graduating from South Wales University in the UK. “I never seemed to get past the first application stages even though on paper, I had all the necessary requirements for at least an interview,” Inien told Mirror UK. “In addition, the few calls I had, the recruiters had an issue in saying my first name correctly. “I started using Victor’s as first name due to the barriers I faced whilst applying to jobs after university. “With comments like your name is difficult or hard to pronounce. I always felt I was on the backfoot and sent some unconscious bias. “The moment I changed to my middle name Victor, on my CV, within a week, I had multiple calls for interviews.” Inien moved to the UK aged 22 and he began to experience people mispronouncing his name. He did not mind people mispronouncing his name at first but it started getting challenging because people were not making attempts to get his name right. Rather than call him Inien, people choose to him Victor – his last name because it was easier to pronounce. Inien said he “really felt the effect of it when I was trying to get a job. On paper, I had the necessary qualifications to at least get an interview.” The few calls for job offers he had were slipping off at the point when they thought his name was quite tricky but to him it is very simple – just five letters. “That was always the start of the conversation, oh your name is difficult and then asking where I’m from,” Inien said. “But when I got to the interview stage, I’d answer when they call out my name and I’d be asked again, almost like ‘are you sure that’s you?” Inein works with Transport for Wales, where he has been ever since and has praised the company for its supportive ethos. He, however, feels he was “hiding part of himself” and has decided to stop going by Victor and return to his Nigerian name. “I think it did really hit me. Last year, I almost felt like I hid a part of myself all those years,” Inien said. “It wasn’t shame per se but I wasn’t my true self. “People would hear Victor and assume I was British or English and I wasn’t highlighting my true identity. “I’m proud of where I’m from and I think I hid behind Victor. This opened that door to talk about Nigeria and my cultural heritage, it’s a fantastic conversation starter.”  Source A Nigerian student, Josephine Lawal, has demanded a refund of the $20,000 she paid for a failed PhD programme at the University of Wales Trinity Saint David, United Kingdom, Punch reports. Lawal said despite spending over five years in the UK, she was frustrated out of the programme. She noted… In "Education" When I read the heartbreaking news of Malam Ahmed Joda’s passing on August 13 at the age of 91, fond memories of my encounters with him welled up in my mind. To the rest of the country, he was famous for being a cerebral and principled civil servant who served… In "Opinion" Following the news of the index case of coronavirus (COVID-19) in Benue State, there have been series of denials and counter-denials about the real identity of the patient. Governor Samuel Orton had on Saturday given the identity of the patient as Susan Okpe. He added that the carrier, a returnee… In "Health"