American beauty queen, Ms. Alabama, Zoe Sozo Bethel is dead. Her death comes barely eight days after she was involved in a tragic accident. Beauty Queen, Zoe Sozo Bethel Dies After Suffering Horror Injuries In Accident Zoe Sozo Bethel passed away after suffering from some horrific injuries she sustained. Her death was confirmed by heartbroken relatives on social media last night. On Friday, February 18, 2022, at approximately 5:30AM Eastern time in Miami, Florida, our beloved Zoe Sozo Bethel passed from this life into the next as a result of succumbing to her injuries. Zoe touched the hearts of many people and was actively affiliated with several organizations and groups namely, she was the current Miss Alabama (for America Strong), a political commentator for RSBN, a Brand Ambassador for Turning Point USA, and Liberty University’s Falkirk Center. She was also a spokeswoman for Students for Life and affiliated with Project Veritas. At this time of bereavement, effectual and fervent prayers are solicited for the family members, and the family asks that their privacy wishes be honored and respected. The family members sincerely appreciate all of the kind words and expressions of love for Zoe. Additional information about burial arrangements and other matters will be provided at a later date by the family. Along with being named Miss Alabama 2021, the mother of one was a conservative commentator who was involved with organizations such as Project Veritas, Liberty University, and Turning Point USA, the Heavy reported. Bethel was also a reporter for Right Side Broadcasting Network and a brand ambassador and executive producer of Miss Liberty USA. This is the second beauty queen to die this year. Former Miss USA Cheslie Kryst, 30, leaped to her death from a 60-story New York City high-rise in January.  Source A physical challenged groom, Joshua Christopher has shared with the world the love story how he met his beautiuful wife, Sozo. He also shared the story of how he ended up in the wheelchair, showing that when there is life. there is hope.  He wrote: "I met Sozo around September 2015. My… In "Entertainment" Lagos - An American Surgeon based in Lagos Nigeria has taken to her heels after killing a Nigeria Beauty Queen in a failed fat transfer surgery for buttocks and hips enlargement. The Face of Democracy Transformation 2013 Winner Onwuzuligbo Nneka Miriam has died on February 3rd after a 31days coma… In "Entertainment" By Josephine Obute Lagos -  Mrs Obiageli Obiadi, the mother of the immediate past Miss Nigeria, Chioma Obiadi, has advised parents to allow their children and wards pursue academic careers of their choices instead of dictating to them. Mrs Obiadi told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that… In "Entertainment"