BHM – A primer The Black History Month was officially recognised by Gerald Ford in 1976 and each February the month is designated by the US president as Black History Month with a specific theme chosen by the Association for the Study of African-American Life and History (ASALH). During the month the contributions of African-Americans are highlighted. The genesis of the designation started in 1915. Two men Carter G Woodson and Jesse E. Moorland founded the association for the study of Negro Life and History (an organisation that is now called ASALH), they researched and promoted the information they found. Consequently, they sponsored a Black History Week on the second week in February that inspired schools and communities to participate and celebrate black history. The time in February was chosen to coincide with the birthdays of Frederick Douglas and Abraham Lincoln! The first Black History Week was in 1926. Black History Week or Negro Week as it was known, became Black History Month in the 1960’s because of the Civil Rights Movement, propagated by many academic campuses. It is important to note that many achievements of blacks in America and globally were not recognised for centuries with many of those achievements wrongly but purposely ascribed to whites for recognition. The 2022 Black History Month Theme is Black Health and Wellness. The goal is to focus on the legacy of Black Scholars and medical practitioners in both Western and African medicines including naturopaths, doulas, herbalists, midwives etc. Martin Luther King Jr., whose birthday is on January 15 – has an eponymous national holiday marked on the third Monday of January by servuce – is a central figure of Black History Month. Martin Luther King is a central figure of the Civil Rights Movement. The events during Black History Month in the United States are as diverse as they come. Some communities make African Art central to their celebration using the year’s theme in Art. At hte Federal Government level, agencies may plan conversations, seminars and imagery that awaken the knowledge of past and present black contribution while tackling and engaging on issues that affect African-American communities today. Corporations also allow their unique forms of engagement, some allow displays, provide information on their intranet, host seminars and conversations. In the larger community there are a plethora of Black History events, celebrations, seminars, conferences etc. going on across cities in the US. Television networks participate by showing historical and current shows on Black History as well as black contributions in the current time. Though there is a national theme which many communities incorporate, however, many engage Black History from perspectives they relate most to, making events and engagement styles very diverse. Schools, institutions, and governments are more likely to engage the annual theme more specifically and actively. Personally – This Is Us at BHM In our family we each research a particular obscure, but important black history and each member of our family takes that information and studies on it and learns a truth we did not know to teach the rest of the family. From this exercise we have uncovered all kinds of information and people that we did not ordinarily know about and can impart this knowledge to those we meet. In conclusion black history month evokes pride in Black achievement and capability, consequently it invokes a commitment to black excellence in all of us, from the young to the mature Does BHM have any impact? Can Black History be told in a Month? Absolutely, black history is vast, long, wide and complex and not one month or even 12 months in a year can sufficiently tell the story, especially because black history is intricately connected to black present experience. But Black History Month has had and continues to have monumental impact in all areas of the societies that celebrate or actively engage it. It has brought knowledge, created awareness, corrected misinformation, and discarded outright lies. It has helped black people take credit due them while striving for what can be. Ironically without black history there is no authentic world history, and a world bereft of the truth of history will repeat its ills and perpetrate lies and confusion that at some point will become unbearable for its citizens. Celebrating and acknowledging brings in the light of knowledge not just for black people but for all people. It allows nations especially ones like America recognise many great black people and explores how they were able to achieve greatness in the face of adversity, great tribulation, and everything in between. It allows generations of other ethnicities see and acknowledge black participation in every aspect of society. It allows everyone step into the light of what was in order to truthfully assess what is! BHM uncovers many histories BHM helps a nation know its nobility and the amazing dynamics of its entire population. What is critically important is that in the study, excavation, and learnings in black history, we uncover many histories, from slave history to Latin history, from white history to brown and red history. In many cases, we discover how each people or group participated in black history, some positively, some negatively, some treacherously and yet others with extreme cruelty. In the pause we take each February to look back at Black History we are vividly confronted with the stunning resilience of human character forged in the bellies of severe adversity and the impact it had on some who migrated from oppression to liberty. This is of particular importance in the United States where a most cruel and elongated form of slavery, that led to the most severe and wicked type of racism persists today has some of its deepest roots. Black History Month is a Blessing, the Beat must go on Not telling the truth enthrones ignorance and the brutality it wields via hate. Not telling the truth causes national laziness that traffics in lavish misdeeds conceived in the wombs of oppressive misguidance and continues the perpetration of evil towards a people that are 14% of a society they helped build. Black History Month is a treasure trove chock full of goodness for everyone regardless of ethnicity or creed to learn from, be blessed by and equipped with. Keeping the month and unearthing ancient truths though it is crucial for the future of nationhood and the globe. While how it is celebrated may morph in the future, setting time aside to remember remains relevant and necessary for posterity. About Ngozi Bell Inspiration, Hard Work, Innovation. These three foundational elements anchor Ngozi’s core belief that manifesting the extraordinary is always within reach. Inspired by her mother A.C.Obikwere, a scientist and author, she learned the privilege of living at the edge of important encounters and dedicating herself to robust and perpetual learning. Ngozi’s background is a combination of Physics, Engineering, Venture Capital/Private Equity, regulations, and business where she has managed over $1B in cumulative revenue. Ngozi is a speaker, storyteller, and writer on a diverse set of topics including AI, iDLT, ML, Signal Processing, iOT, women, entrepreneurship and more. She contributes regularly to VOA, has been a TEDx speaker and is published on tech and non-tech platforms. She is a champion of STEM, women, youth, art and the Africa we must engage. Ngozi is an adjunct professor of Physics and management with work experience in Asia, Europe, Africa, Middle East, and North America. She is a founder of a number of a number of enterprises and host of the podcast Stem, Stocks and Stews (https://anchor.fm/stemstocksstews-podcast). By Farooq Kperogi ABUJA (Sundiata Post) After Bill Gates' in-your-face dissing of the Buhari government, Nigerian scam artists led by Abike Dabiri got some Black American hustlers from Atlanta to pose as close relatives of the late Dr. Martin Luther King Jr and present a fraudulent "Black History Award" to… In "Social Media Feeds" Abuja （Sundiata Post）-  The leadership award received by President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday did not emanate from the Martin Luther King Centre, Abike Dabiri-Erewa has clarified. The president’s special assistant on diaspora affair, Abike Dabiri-Erewa said the Buhari administration did not claim the honour was bestowed by the King Centre, accusing… In "Top Stories" “The hottest place in Hell is reserved for those who remain neutral in times of great moral conflict… [an individual] who accepts evil without protesting against it is really cooperating with it.”– Martin Luther King Jr. A couple of months ago, I found myself in a little bit of a… In "Opinion"