Mbaise, Imo State (Sundiata Post) – The Uvuru Platinum Association (UPA) has sent a message of congratulation to Sir Stanley Amuchie, Chairman of its Board of Trustees (BoT) on his recent appointment as Executive Director, Chief Operations/Information Officer, Fidelity Bank Plc. In a statement released on Thursday and signed by Mr. Linus Nwaiwu, president of UPA and Mr. Innocent Amaechi, public relations officer, the association said Sir Stanley Amuchie has been known to have an excellent track record in the banking industry. The full statement reads: “Sir Stanley your appointment in this capacity is a clear testimony to your sterling qualities, wealth of experience, excellent and unblemished track record, and the niche you have carved in banking and finance, your chosen career. “Your new appointment did not come to us as a surprise. Since your emergence as the best graduating student in your class at the University of Benin, where you graduated with First Class in industrial chemistry, you have been cruising in flying colours in all the establishments you have worked and have contributed immensely to their growth. “A shining star you are and will continue to be. We in Uvuru Platinium Association see your recent appointment as a stepping stone, considering your capacity to move to higher levels of responsibility. We are indeed proud of you. “We are aware of the enormous task and high expectations that come with your new job. We pray the Almighty God, who made this new appointment possible and who has been leading you over the years, to endow you with the courage, good health, humility and wisdom to succeed.” A member of the association and Managing Director/CEO Hutton Trust Int Nig Ltd, Chief Okey Ujo-Ulokwe, in a note made available to Sundiata Post, described Sir Stanley as a game changer, who will add enormous value to Fidelity Bank.He said “Stanley Amuchie is my friend forever. I have known him and his entire family for over 40 years. Very bright man from the outset, he graduated with a first class from the University of Benin and at Zenith Bank he got to the level of CFO (Chief Financial Officer). Every opportunity he has had helping humanity has always been his cardinal objective. Fidelity Bank has made the right choice because Sir Stanley Amuchie is a game changer. I know he will definitely add  enormous value to Fidelity Bank.” The vice chairman of UPA’s BoT, Prince Stanley Uduhirinwa, in a statement made available to Sundiata Post, said by the appointment given to Sir Stanley Amuchie, “they (Fidelity Bank) have gotten for themselves an A-List financial guru and an impeccable financial master strategist. Fidelity is sure now the bank to watch out for 2022/2023 and going forward.” Mr. Jude Emeka Nzeh of Legalfix Attorneys, an Abuja based legal practitioner and notary public  in a statement sent to Sundiata Post, commended the board of Fidelity Bank Plc for their wisdom in appointing Sir Stanley as  executive director.Nzeh, who is also a member of UPA, said the appointment is part of the bank’s strategic objectives towards taking Fidelity Bank to greater heights.Looking at Sir Stanley’s career trajectory, Nzeh said: “Mr. Stanley Chiedoziem Amuchie is a career banker, with over 23 years working experience in the banking and financial services industry. His work experience in the financial services industry started in 1995 at Arthur Andersen, to Zenith Bank Plc from 2000 to 2018 where he rose to the position of Group Chief Financial Officer and Group Zonal Head of the bank in 2018.“From 2019 to 2021, Mr Amuchie was the Chief Technical Consultant of Mint Financial Technologies Limited and he March 2021 he joined Fidelity Bank as the Technical Consultant, a position he held till his recent appointment as an Executive Director of the bank. “Mr. Amuchie is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN) and an Honorary Senior member of Chartered Institute of Bankers of Nigeria (CIBN). He is an alumnus of the University of Benin, where he graduated with a First Class degree in industrial chemistry.“He holds a Masters degree in Corporate Governance from the Leeds Metropolitan University, United Kingdom.  Mr. Amuchie is a philanthropist and a Knight of Saint Christopher of the Anglican Church.“His appointment as the Executive Director, Chief Operations and Information of Fidelity Bank will reposition the bank to greater heights. Congratulations to Mr. Amuchie.”Sir Udo Nwangumah, UPA’s immediate past president, described Sir Stanley as an excellent banker and a man of integrity, who has positively impacted on his community and his generation.Nwangumah, who is also immediate past vice Chairman, SUTAKEP branch of NUPENG,Delta State, said Fidelity Bank could not have made a better choice, adding he was confident that Sir Stanley would help to reposition Fidelity Bank to achieve all its corporate objectives. •Sir Stanley Amuchie, Executive Director, Fidelity Bank By CHIBUIKE NWABUKO Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The entire people of Uvuru Ikedinairi in Aboh Mbaise LGA, Imo State, have hailed Fidelity Bank PLC for the appointment of one of their sons, Sir Stanley Chiedozie Amuchie as Executive Director, Chief Operations and Information… In "Top Stories" UVURU, Imo State - Traditional rulers and religious leaders in Uvuru community in the Aboh Mbaise Local Government Area of Imo State will on Saturday, September 8, converge for a prayer and blessing session for Sir Stanley Amuchie, a general manager, Zenith Bank Plc. Sir Stanley, a frontline governorship aspirant… In "News" Traditional rulers and religious leaders in Uvuru community came together on Saturday to pray for Sir Stanley Amuchie, general manager, Zenith Bank Plc and governorship aspirant in Imo State. The event, organised by the Sir Stanley Support Group (3SG), was held at Central School, Uvuru, Mbaise. In "Photo News"