Newcastle United are reportedly weighing up an incredible move for Super Eagles winger Moses Simon ahead of the 2022 summer transfer window. According to OwnGoalNigeria, the Qatar-owned club are ready to go into negotiations with Nantes for the signature of the 26-year-old with the French Ligue 1 side expected to request a £20m transfer fee for Simon.Moses is also expected to be offered a £100,000-a-week (₦57,000,000-a-week) deal to play for the Premier League side next season. The former Levante player has been courting interest from Premier League sides as Leeds United made a transfer deadline day offer for Simon in January but Nantes blocked the deal. Nantes are expected to be ready to do a deal for the Nigerian International in the summer when there might be more clubs interested in the speedster. Moses Simon has been in good form for Nantes this season with two goals and nine assists in 22 matches a decent return for the winger. Meanwhile, Charleroi defender Jules van Cleemput picked the Nantes winger as the best player he has ever played, stating that it was a nightmare to defend against the Nigerian’s pace. Simon also had a fruitful outing for the Super Eagles of Nigeria at the just-concluded Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) 2021 where he notched one goal and one assist in four games. (Pulse.ng)      By Lexi Elo John Obi Mikel The Super Eagles midfielder nine-year spell at Chelsea seems to be coming to an end as Jose Mourinho is believed to be considering replacements. Mikel could be on his way over the coming weeks and months. The Pensioners have been linked with moves for… In "Sports" KAA Gent, the Belgian club of Nigerian winger, Moses Simon have declared that he must leave the club this summer. Moses has been told to look for another club before the transfer window closes later this month or rot in the reserves. Belgian newspaper, Het Laatste Nieuws reports that Moses… In "Sports" Super Eagles winger, Victor Moses will not play competitively till 2015 after sustaining a thigh injury that blights his impressive start to the 2014/15 season. Moses currently on a season-long loan deal from Barclays English Premier League club, Chelsea faces at least six weeks on the sidelines with what has… In "Sports"