Members of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University (COOU), Anambra State branch, said yesterday that they were opposed to the planned strike by their national body. They described ASUU strike as counterproductive, stressing that such actions had not yielded any result as far as the institution was concerned. Addressing reporters at the Igbariam campus of the university, the Interim Chairman, Prof. Osita Chiaghanam, said lecturers had benefited from the generosity of the outgoing visitor, Governor Willie Obiano. He said welcoming the incoming visitor and governor-elect, Prof. Soludo, who he hoped would sustain the tempo, with industrial action, would amount to wickedness. Chiaghanam said: “We’re not in doubt that Soludo will favour us in terms of our demands. We believe he will like the university to move forward by meeting our demands. “As a Professor of Economics, he’ll pay more attention to us because he’s coming from a university background. Once a lecturer, he will understand better and pay more attention to our demands. “There’s no justification to join the strike because what comes out of the strike doesn’t benefit state universities. It only benefits federal universities. “We go on strike with our colleagues in federal universities and they’ll be paid at the end of the day. But we’ll be referred to our visitor to address our matter.” The Minister of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, on Monday, said resources were not enough to meet all the demands of the Academic Staff Union of Universities at once. This is as the minister faulted claims of the union that the Federal Government was blackmailing it. The PUNCH had reported… In "News" Lagos,    -        The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Lagos State University (LASU) Chapter says it will comply fully to the nationwide lecturers strike declared by its national body within 48 hours. Dr Adeolu Oyekan, Assistant Secretary, ASUU-LASU made the disclosure in an interview with the… In "News" Abuja - THE Academic Staff Union of Universities has expressed its readiness to embark on another round of industrial action following what it called the failure of the Federal Government to implement an agreement signed with the union. The union is giving the government till month end (Tuesday) to reach… In "Top Stories"