By JUSTINA ASISHANA, Minna Three pregnant women have delivered babies in the bush while fleeing from terrorists who attacked their communities in Magama Local Government Area of Niger State over the weekend. The Nation learnt the attack, which began on Friday, was still ongoing as at Sunday afternoon. The communities attacked include: Mabirni, Zoma, Bado, Yangalu, Buga Zabbi and Ataba. The terrorists were said to be closing in on Ibeto town. The number of persons killed and abducted is unknown. Of of the three women who delivered babies while fleeing, one is said to be missing. Fleeing villagers only found the newly born baby in the bush. The Nation gathered one Alhaji Ibrahim Maiquaqua Yangalo was shot with members of his family abducted. The Chairman of Magama local government, Safiyanu Garba Ibeto, confirmed the incident. “The bandits entered Magama local government through Mabirni, Zoma, Bado, Yangalu. Presently, they are close to Ibeto, right now they are about 23 km to Ibeto,” he said. An elderly woman, Malama Khadijat Abdullahi, explained two of her daughters, mothers of five and three, were among the abductees. She said the bandits have contacted them for negotiation of N3m ransom. Most of the affected villages have been deserted as at Sunday morning with the terrorists said to be rustling cows in some villages. Residents of the affected communities have taken refuge in Kontagora. (The Nation) Twenty abducted persons in Niger State have regained their freedom after the police in Niger State raided a bandits’ hideout at Anaba hilltop, Magama Local Government Area of the state. The Police Public Relations Officer, Niger State Command, Dsp Wasiu A. Abiodun disclosed this in a statement on Sunday. Dsp… In "News" Alkaleri (Bauchi)- Two pregnant women gave birth to babies in the bush Sunday morning while fleeing from suspected Boko Haram insurgents that attacked Gunti Gumi village of Alkaleri Local Government area in Bauchi state. An eye witness, Malam Bala Kurba, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the insurgents… In "News" While the federal government may be commended for bringing down the rate of cross border activities through its border closure in the last one year, the average businessman and communities in the affected border towns are continually praying for the lifting of the closure due to its attendant hardship on… In "News"