National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA)’s objection to take the bail application of suspended Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) Abba Kyari has been rejected by a Federal court on Thursday.  This is as Kyari tries to secure his bail from NDLEA custody. The Federal High Court, Abuja, on Thursday, rejected NDLEA’s objection to take the bail application, according to NAN. Justice Inyang Ekwo declined the objection after counsel for the agency, Mike Kassa, informed the court that the respondent (NDLEA) was yet to be served with the bail application. Justice Ekwo, who refused to grant Kassa’s request not to take the bail application, ordered lawyer to Kyari, Cynthia Ikena, to serve Kassa in the open court and stood down the matter for an hour. Earlier, when the matter was called, Ikena told the court that the applicant (Kyari) had complied with the court order made on Feb. 21 to put the respondent on notice after the lawyer said she had a motion ex-parte seeking for bail for Kyari.“Having complied with the order made on 21st of February, 2022, we are ready to move our motion,” she said. Ikena told the court that the respondent had been duly served. But Kassa said though the applicant counsel served him with a motion on notice, he was yet to be served with the bail application. Ikena, who insisted that the application had been served, prayed the judge to confirm the proof in the court file. After going through the court file, Ekwo directed Ikena to serve Kassa in open court and stood down the matter for an hour. Recall that Kyari, through his lawyer, had, on Feb. 21, approached the court seeking for a bail and asking the court to enforce his fundamental human rights which he alleged had been breached by unlawful arrest and detention.  source A new date has been fixed by Justice Inyang Ekwo of the Federal High Court, sitting in Abuja to hear bail application filed by detained Deputy Commissioner of Police, Abba Kyari. The court fixed February 28 for the hearing. Justice Ekwo fixed the date on Thursday, after counsel to the… In "News" A Federal High Court, Abuja, on Tuesday, granted the request by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) permission to further detain suspended Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) Abba Kyari for 14 days on allegations bordering on drug trafficking. The NDLEA, in an ex-parte application moved before Justice Zainab Abubakar,… In "News" Disgraced DCP Abba Kyari has cried before a court that his health has deteriorated since his arrest and detention by the National Drug law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA. This comes after Kyari took the Federal Government to court seeking his release. Kyari was arrested last week arrested and handed over to… In "News"