 Mr Zakari Angulu, a former lawmaker at the House of Representatives, has charged the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to ensure the efficacy of its Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS) before deploying it for election.Angulu, who represented Abuja South Federal Constituency at the National Assembly, said this when he cast his vote at Dobi Polling Center 001 and 002 in Gwagwalada during Saturday’s FCT Area Councils Poll.Angulu expressed disappointment over the malfunctioning of the BVAS, saying that the card readers were better tools for elections.According to him, INEC should not schedule elections if the machineries have not been tested and certified for use.“First the beginning of the process so far is not palatable in the sense that the BVAS is not working, it is already after 10a.m. and Dobi polling unit 001where I voted is still not working.“I am sure that not up to 15 people have voted, so at this time last election, more than a 100 people had voted.“My concern for INEC is that are they really improving, or is this a set back.“Because the unit has more than 2000 voters and I expected that INEC would have spilt the unit into further baby units, to facilitate the process where more numbers of the machines will be made available.“In 2019 before now, voting ended early, if in 2019 voting ended early, 2022 should be much earlier, but the reverse is the case here.“And seriously except something is done,people may not have he opportunity to cast their votes or to cast their votes in good time. “And I do not lie, with the amount of people in line, they will not allow the presiding officers to go without casting their votes,” he said.Angulu said that looking at the security challenges in the country, INEC should have made better machine preparation to ease the process and reduce the time constraint.He said that the preparation for 2019 election was better than that of 2022, adding that 2019 councils election was much better and that INEC needed to improve ahead 2023. (NAN) By Diana Omueza Abuja - Some voters in Dobi Ward of Gwagwalada Area Council, have appealed to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to extend voting time in the FCT Area Councils Poll, to allow them cast their votes. The voters spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on… In "Top Stories" ....As Anambra poll continues today  Awka - Three top contenders in the yet-to-be concluded Anambra State governorship election, which commenced on Saturday, have won their respective polling units. This was prior to the announcement by the Independent National Electoral Commission that voting would continue on Sunday (today).The extension was due… In "Top Stories" By Lucy Osuizigbo-Okechukwu Anambra - The All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) candidate in the governorship election in Anambra state, Prof. Chukwuma Soludo has cast his vote after waiting for more than five hours. He voted at 5:10.p.m at Isuofia ward 13 unit 002, Aguata LGA He came to the venue… In "Top Stories"