A Federal High Court, Abuja, on Tuesday, granted the request by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) permission to further detain suspended Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) Abba Kyari for 14 days on allegations bordering on drug trafficking. The NDLEA, in an ex-parte application moved before Justice Zainab Abubakar, also prayed for an extension of time with which to detain the six other suspects named in the alleged offence.The six others are ACP Sunday J. Ubia, ASP Bawa James, Inspector Simon Agirigba, Inspector John Nuhu, Chibunna Patrick Umeibe and Emeka Alphonsus Ezenwanne. The ex-parte motion was dated Feb. 15 and filed Feb. 16.Justice Abubakar granted the order after listening to the Director, Prosecution and Legal Services, NDLEA, Joseph. Sunday, who moved the motion to that effect. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that DCP Kyari had, through his lawyer, Cynthia Ikena, approached Justice Inyang Ekwo on Monday, praying the court to admit him to bail on health grounds. Kyari, who was formerly the head of Inspector-General of Police Intelligence Response Team (IRT), had also filed a fundamental enforcement rights suit over alleged unlawful arrest and detention.He also demanded for a N500 million damages for bridging his fundamental rights. The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has gotten an order to detain suspended Deputy Commissioner of Police, Abba Kyari for 14 days. The order was given by a Federal High Court in Abuja on Tuesday. The court granted permission to the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) to hold… In "News" A request by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) to detain two alleged accomplice of suspended DCP Abba Kyari has been granted The order was granted by the Federal High Court in Abuja on Tuesday. Justice Zainab Abubakar gave the order for the detention of Chibunna Patrick Umeibe and… In "News" The federal government has been taken to court by detained Deputy Commissioner of Police, DCP Abba Kyari. He took FG to court to the Federal High Court in Abuja challenging his continued detention by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), according to DailyPost. In the suit marked FHC/ABJ/CS/182/22, Kyari… In "News"