Nollywood actor, Nosa Rex Okunzuwa, popularly known as Nosa Rex, announced the demise of his father, Friday Okunzuwa Uzamere. Sharing the picture of a candle on his Instagram page, the actor revealed that his father had been on life support since January 2022. Describing the death as the worst moment of his life, Nosa noted that he used to cry every night over his father’s failing health, despite posting funny contents on his page. He wrote, “Worst moment of my life. ( I just got the strength to write this). Rest in Peace, Daddy (Mr. Friday Okunzuwa Uzamere is dead). “He was sick and has been on life support since last month. While I make the world laugh on my page everyday, I cry every night. “I tried my best, I prayed , fasted and was ready to go broke just to bring him back to life but God knows best. “My dad was my everything . Since I lost my mum (15 years ago), he has been playing the role of a father and mother.He taught me a lot about life and family. I decided to marry and settle down early because of the relationship I had with my dad. “He was like my elder brother. He had me in his early 20s. I could tell my dad everything and anything. “With tears in my eyes, I say Rest In Peace daddy. My hero, my supporter, my inspiration, my role model.”      Nigerian actor and skit maker, Nosa Rex, has disclosed how he handles pressure from female fans. In an interview with Sunday Scoop, he said, “I am a married man, so I always look for ways to run (when I get funny requests from female fans). Women would always come and… In "Entertainment" Adesola Omidina is a son of the late Babatunde Omidina, a comic Nollywood actor popularly known as Baba Suwe. In this interview with TOLUWALOPE KAREEM, Adesola speaks about his father’s special attributes. Tell us a bit about yourself. My name is Adesola Morenikeji Omidina, I am a film-maker and CEO… In "News" Mel B believes her father's death allowed her to get her "life back". The Spice Girls singer had been estranged from Martin Brown for several years when he was admitted to hospital in January 2017 following a long battle with cancer but she had vowed to divorce Stephen Belafonte when… In "Entertainment"