ABUJA – Former Senate President, Anyim Pius Anyim on Tuesday received the endorsement of the the National Assembly caucus and leaders of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) on his 2023 presidential bid. The PDP caucus members and leaders from across the six geo-political zones of Nigeria, gathered on Tuesday night at the M2 Hall of the Transcorp Hilton Hotel, Abuja, to lend their weight to the presidential aspiration of Senator Anyim Pius Anyim. The hall, which was filled to capacity, had PDP   Senators and House of Representatives members including the former Deputy Senate President, Senator Ike Ekweremadu; Senator Theodore Orji, a former governor of Abia State; Senator Enyinna Abaribe (Senate Minority Leader); Senator Chukwuka Utazi (Enugu North); Senator (Iyom) Uche Ekwunife (Anambra Central); Senator Ewa Henshaw; Senator Dino Melaye; Senator Ibrahim Mahmoud; Hon. Ndudi Elumelu (House of Reps Minority Leader) and Hon. Toby Okechukwu and  many other lawmakers. Speaking at the endorsement meeting, Senator Anyim Pius Anyim explained to his party colleagues and fellow lawmakers why he joined the presidential race, stating that time has come for the country to be rescued from its current challenging situation. He also said that it is important to ensure the unity of the country for any meaningful progress and development to take place. Senator Anyim declared that he was ready to contest the 2023 presidential election on the platform of the PDP if his colleagues at the gathering and his party, the PDP, mandate him to go on. On that note, the eminent lawmakers unanimously chorused that Anyim should “go ahead”, that they are fully behind him and his quest. In his speech on behalf of the legislative caucus, Senate Minority Leader and former deputy governor of Abia state, Senator Enyinna Abaribe, assured Anyim that he had nothing to fear, assuring him that the caucus was behind his bid. He further assured the former Senate President that by the Grace of God, he would be the next president of Nigeria, come 2023. Abaribe told Anyim: “This Caucus is behind you. As representatives of the Nigerian people, we are saying that you should go ahead. You will be President of this country. This consultation which is the  first we have seen as a caucus, is commendable and we urge you to go ahead in your aspiration”. On his own part,  the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, Hon. Ndudi Elumelu, assured Senator Anyim that the PDP, by the Grace of God and mandate of the Nigerian people, would assume presidential power in 2023. He accused the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) of ” mismanaging” the country in the past six years, assuring that the electorates will not forget to remind the APC what he described as their sins since 2015. Elumelu therefore reminded the National Assembly Caucus, the leadership and members of the PDP that what is required of them is to be united in their purpose of ousting the APC from power. Meanwhile, in an unprecedented political gathering Tuesday, February 8, 2022, over 85 political pressure groups, assembled at the Shehu Musa Yar’Adua Center, Abuja, to affirm their mass support for the 2023 presidential aspiration of former President of the Senate, Senator Anyim Pius Anyim. The coalition known as the United for Better Nigeria Initiative (UBNI) is urging the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to not only observe the basic moral principles of political equity by zoning it’s presidential slot specifically to the South East, but should also ensure that Senator Anyim Pius Anyim emerges as the party’s standard bearer for the 2023 presidential election. Anyim’s endorsement by the pan-Nigerian political coalition was done at a well-attended solidarity rally organised by the coalition in collaboration with the South West Coalition Group, the South South Coalition Group and the Northern Coalition Group. The Abuja rally had the various groups arriving in several high capacity buses, with supporters waving banners and handing out posters and leaflets bearing Senator Pius Anyim’s portraits. Alhaji  Suleiman Shehu, the leader of the Coalition of the Northern Groups for South East Presidency in 2023 who first addressed the gathering, however delved into Nigeria’s political history since Independence, arguing that Nigeria’s South East geo-political zone was the only region yet to rule the country since the end of the civil war in January 1970. He maintains that since the other geo-political axis of the country have ruled the nation at various times, it is therefore politically justifiable, fair and equitable that the South East is supported in 2023 by the PDP and other political parties to produce a President for Nigeria in 2023. Shehu stated that, “We have seen the leadership qualities of the North and the South West but we have not seen the leadership acumen of the people from the South East. What are we afraid of in electing a President from the South East? Peace, justice and fairness can never be attained without power rotation in Nigeria”. However, leader of the South West Coalition group for the rally, Dr Kayode Odeyemi, also harped on the need for Nigerians to offer support to the South East as a zone but specifically to the former Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Senator Anyim Pius Anyim, whom he described as the appropriate candidate the Presidential job needs, based essentially on his competence, capability and national stature. “We are solidly behind the candidature of Sen Anyim Pius Anyim (APA)”, quipped Odeyemi, ” Anyim is the most qualified and prepared for the race. This is the time for the South East to go and represent this country. Let us give him (Anyim) the support because he is capable of taking Nigeria to the promised land. “He was not just the President of the Senate, he was also the Secretary to the government of the Federation (SGF), which placed him in the engine room of governance at the Federal level. If the man has held these two strategic positions, it then follows that he has the capacity and is fully prepared for the job. This is a crusade that has permeated the nooks and crannies of this country. We call on all Nigerians to queue behind this candidate and give the South East a chance in the interest of fairness, equity and justice”, Odeyemi exhorted. The leadership of the South South Coalition Group also affirmed the position of all the other zonal groups at the rally, insisting that the South East zone will surely appreciate the fair consideration that would be given to it by the PDP and other political parties in the 2023 presidency. The South South Coalition also canvassed that the man best suited for the job on the platform of the PDP is Senator Anyim Pius Anyim. Several goodwill messages were however delivered by other groups represented at the event. Each of them who spoke were of the unanimous view that it would positively impact on the unity and national cohesion of the country and heal wounds if the Presidency shifts to the South East geo-political zone in 2023. •Senator Adolphus Wabara (left) and Senator Anyim Pius Anyim at the occasion •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim and Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe at the occasion The 2023 presidential aspiration of former Senator President, Anyim Pius Anyim receivef a major boost on Tuesday as anotherformer president of the Senate, Chief Adolphus Wabara and… In "Top Stories" BY TONY ICHEKU •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim Ahead the 2023 presidential election, aspirants are popping up  from North, South, East and West, a normal for such very significant national election but when the going gets rough, the tough will get going. It is not out of place to predict that… In "Politics" •Senator Anyim Pius Anyim Former Senate President, Anyim Pius Anyim, is intensifying his efforts to secure the buy-in of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) stakeholders in his aspiration to fly the party's flag in the 2023 presidential election. The former Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) declared his… In "Politics"