Former Presidential aide, Reno Omokri has alleged that supporters of Vice President Yemi Osinbajo are promoting the embarrassing video of Bola Tinubu ahead of the 2023 Presidential elections.  Omokri alleged that Osinbajo’s campaigners are the ones promoting the video of Tinubu’s wet cloth.In a tweet, the former presidential aide said he could release the names of Osinbajo’s campaigners behind the leaked video.He, however, said both camps should sort themselves out.According to Omokri: “Tinubu’s camp may be surprised to learn that the embarrassing leaks about him are actually being promoted by Vice President Osinbajo’s campaigners.“We can name names if they want. Let them sort themselves out, although we appreciate them exposing their dirty linen!”Video footage had emerged on social media of the All Progressives Congress, APC, National Leader having a wet cloth.The incident was noticed and recorded while Tinubu was addressing his followers at the palace of the Awujale of Ijebuland in Ijebu Ode, Ogun State.The video had since sparked controversy among Nigerians as they insist that the former Governor of Lagos State is fit to rule Nigeria.Despite speculations of him running, Osinbajo has denied contesting for the Presidency in 2023.  Source A former media aide to ex-President, Goodluck Jonathan, Reno Omokri said it will not be right if Bola Tinubu sacks his aide seen covering his nose after he reportedly wet his cloth. Tinubu is the national leader of the All Progressives Congress. Omokri stated this while reacting to video clips… In "News" A former Presidential aide, Reno Omokri has prayed for Bola Tinubu after he was spotted with a stained backside during a recent visit. According to Reno, it is an age related issue. He wrote: Did Bola Tinubu actually pee on himself? Look, there is nothing wrong with that. It is… In "News" Former Special Assistant on New Media to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, Reno Omokri, has asserted that Nigerians are against Muhammadu Buhari’s return to his position as President because the Acting President, Yemi Osinbajo has “out-shined him.” Buhari is currently on medical vacation in London, United Kingdom, UK. Following his departure, Nigerians… In "News"