the actor, says he has had a failed marriage and three children no one knows about. The film star, in a chat with Chude Jideonwo, the media entrepreneur, said he keeps his personal life private. Iyke stated that he hates to be figured out, hence his reason for keeping his marital life out of public scrutiny. “I’ve had a failed marriage. I have two, three beautiful kids. How are you going to know? You can’t follow my partner. You’ll never understand. Even people who live in my space don’t know how I move,” he said. “I hate to be figured out. Once you figure me out, I have nothing else to offer. So that’s the potency in it. I refuse to be figured out. I refuse to be tamed.” In 2013, a video showing Iyke in a deliverance session at the Synagogue Church of all Nations had surfaced online. Iyke touched on how the subsequent death of his mother, for whom he had sought spiritual healing, crushed him. “When I lost my mum, I couldn’t find my feet for years. There’s an understanding, spirituality, and connection that I lost. People always wondered how I rise from things that were supposed to bury me,” he said, wiping his tears. “My mum was lying in a hospital bed in a coma but they were saying I’m playing theatrics. I said, ‘I will live in this church for two years if you heal my mum.’ What happened, I don’t know. I saw the video and said it’s not me. “But that’s me. I’m not an island of knowledge. I’ve done my part but one thing you can take to the bank is that, until I die, I’m the true son of Gladys.” The movie star also talked about trying his hands on several businesses that eventually failed. By Ekerete Udoh She sounded absolutely distraught, and utterly disconsolate. Her usual exuberance, the bonhomie which she wears like a badge of honor was missing both in her voice and in her demeanor. She was inconsolable, pained and emotionally devastated. She had every reason to feel that way. For over… In "Style" Nollywood star actor, Jim Iyke, has revealed the woman he had his best relationship with. The actor has been linked with several women but in a chat with Punch, the actor revealed that his relationship with the love of his life never made it to the pages of the newspaper.… In "Entertainment" By Pulse If you are one of those who still habour doubts over Nigerian actor, Jim Iyke’s true intentions for Ghanaian actress, Nadia Buari, then it is time to hold your peace, as the now born again Jim has come out to say that he intends to marry Nadia because… In "Entertainment"