The Federal Government, parents and students were being kept in suspense last night by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU). Representatives of the union were still meeting at the University of Lagos, Akoka, Yaba, to take a position on a planned national strike over ‘some yet-to-be-met’ demands by their employers. But, in move to avert another strike by the lecturers, the Federal Ministry of Education and the National Universities Commission have scheduled a meeting for today. The government also plans another meeting with ASUU leaders during the week to resume talks on the lecturers’ demands. Discussions between the union and the Education ministry broke down, following the alleged failure of the government to give feedback on the re-negotiated FG-ASUU 2009 agreement. Education Minister Adamu Adamu could not be reached last night for comments on efforts being made by the government to avert another strike by ASUU. Calls placed to his mobile number were not returned as of press time. The minister was yet to reply to text messages sent to him. But his Labour and Employment Minister, Dr. Chris Ngige, confirmed today’s meeting at the Education ministry in Abuja. Ngige said a representative of the Federal Ministry of Labour and Employment would attend the meeting and give the ministry updates. Ngige said: “The Federal Ministry of Education FMoE is calling them to a meeting this week. I have had interactions with the education minister (Adamu Adamu). University teachers have presented six new conditions for calling off their two-week old strike. But the Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr. Chris Ngige, yesterday pleaded with the lecturers to embrace peace for the sake of innocent students. The Federal Executive Council (FEC) is to discuss today the demands of… In "Top Stories" By Gabriel Dike A crucial National Executive Council (NEC) meeting of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is currently on-going to decide offers made by the Federal Government team last week when it met with striking union leaders. Ahead of the NEC meeting, the various ASUU zones met to… In "Education" By Hilary Akalugwu Nsukka  - Some students of the University of Nigeria, Nsukka (UNN) have appealed to the Federal Government to urgently look into grievances of striking lecturers to forestall incessant strikes in universities. The students made the appeal in Nsukka on Tuesday while reacting to the ongoing warning strike… In "Education"