Actress, Evia Simon, says heartbreaks have become a part of her life. She told Sunday Scoop, “I am used to heartbreaks. It has become a part of me. It is not as if I don’t take it seriously but my heart is very weak, although I look strong. If I see someone I like, I (would) go in (for the person). If I don’t like him, I move on. If the relationship is becoming toxic, I would step backwards.” Contrary to what many may think, the actress also maintained that her curvy body did not pave the way for her in the movie industry. She said, “My curvy body did not pave a way for me in the industry; my talent did. The industry has cliques and because of that, one has to belong to a clique. However, one has to be a good actor and be around the right set of people who make things happen in the industry. “My journey in the industry has not been easy. To become a superstar is not a day’s job. I am still on the journey.” Simon also stated that she would never have sex with anyone in exchange for roles. She said, “I once rejected a sex-for-role offer and my position remains the same. My craft and the grace of God have kept in the industry. There is time for everything. There are some people who have been in the industry for 10 years and are practically everywhere. For some people, a year is all they need to hug the limelight. I feel it is the grace of God because I have been in the industry for years but I am not where I want to be. I am still working, praying and hoping to get to where I am supposed to be in my career.” There is no doubt at all that, Evia Simon, the voluptuously beautiful Nollywood actress, has come a long way in the movie industry. She started acting in 2007 but officially began her journey in Nollywood in 2011. She’s an actress as well as a producer. Some of her films include;… In "Entertainment" Curvy actress, Moyo Lawal is fed up with being single; hence she wishes to change her relationship status as soon as possible. Recalling her heartbreak experience and the foolish things she has done for love, the light-skinned thespian said: “I have done too many foolish things for love. The annoying… In "Relationship" Since Zainab Bakare came into the limelight through her movie, ‘Eda’, she hasn’t looked back. Rather, she has gone ahead to feature in over 35 flicks including ‘Owu Iya Gbon’, ‘Ayoka’, ‘Senior Girl’, and ‘Golden Boy’ among others. In this interview, the actress opens up on her career, nudity and… In "Interview"