The arraignment of a former Governor of Imo, Sen. Rochas Okorocha, was, on Tuesday, stalled at the Federal High Court Abuja. The planned arraignment before Justice Inyang Ekwo could not proceed over the inability of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to serve Okorocha, who is the 1st defendant in the17-count charge. When the matter was called, all the other defendants were present in court except the former governor. However, counsel for the EFCC, Cosmas Ugwu, informed that the 1st defendant (Okorocha) was not in court because he had not been served with the charge.“My Lord, the matter would have been for arraignment of the defendants but the 1st defendant is not in court.“Effecting service on him has been difficult, but we have served all other defendants,” he saidUgwu pleaded for more time to enable him effect the service on the senator, who currently represent Imo West Senatorial District in the National Assembly. Justice Ekwo adjourned the matter until March 28, by 12noon, for arraignment.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Okorocha was expected to be arraigned by the anti-graft agency on a 17-countOkorocha was governor of Imo from 2011 to 2019.According to the anti graft agency, Senator Okorocha, who is believed to be having a running battle with Governor Hope Uzodimma is being charged to court over allegations bordering on conspiracy with his cronies, including a member of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and five companies, to fritter the sum of N2.9 billion public funds belonging to the Imo government. Others to be arraigned, alongside Okorocha, are Anyim Nyerere Chinenye, Naphtali International Limited, Perfect Finish Multi Projects Limited, Consolid Projects Consulting Limited, Pramif International Limited, and Legend World Concepts Limited Court Orders DSS To Produce Suswam On May 11 For Arraignment In "Top Stories" The arraignment before Justice Inyang Ekwo was aborted by a petition filed against the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission by two co-defendants to Oduah. The two co-defendants are Crystal Television Limited and Sobora International Limited which were listed as 7th and 8th defendants. The PUNCH reported that shortly after Senator… In "News" Senator representing Imo West Senatorial district, Rochas Okorocha will be arraigned before a Federal High Court in Abuja on Tuesday, February 22 on corruption charges. Okorocha, a former goveronor will be put on trial by the Federal Government on 17-count charges involving criminal diversion of public funds running into billions… In "News"