Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, has said that President Muhammadu Buhari and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) are afraid of electronic transmission of election results, hence the president’s refusal to sign the electoral act bill passed by the National Assembly. Wike, stated this on Saturday in Yenagoa, Bayelsa state capital while inaugurating projects at the Faculty of Basic Medical Sciences of the Bayelsa Medical University (BMU) as part of activities marking Governor Douye Diri’s second term in office. 2023 election: Tinubu in Ogun, Meets Awujale, Alake over presidential bidJUST IN: Force Headquarters Appoints new spokesman, Olumuyiwa AdejobiHe said that the president’s continuous refusal to sign the amended electoral act shows that he and his party, the APC, are afraid of the provision on electronic transmission of election results in the Act, saying the president would not sign the act into in-law before leaving office. He described as outstanding the performance of his Bayelsa State counterpart, Senator Douye Diri, in just two years in office as surpassing that of some governors, particularly in the opposition party, that had been in office for almost eight years. Wike said: “Till now, Nigerians did not understand the modus operandi of the ruling party because every day they find an excuse not to sign the amended Electoral Act. “After all that the National Assembly has done, Buhari keeps refusing to sign the amended Act. I know it is because they are afraid of the provision on electronic transmission of election results in the Act. Mark my words, Buhari won’t still sign the amended Electoral Act,” he said. Also speaking, Governor Douye Diri said his administration was building on the vision of his predecessors in the late Chief Diepreye Alamieyeseigha, who initially proposed a 500-bed hospital, and Senator Seriake Dickson, who later converted it to a medical institution. He said that Bayelsa Medical University was one of the best medical facilities in the country with a crop of distinguished medical professionals. The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has asked the National Assembly to remove the clause that has to do with direct primaries from the Electoral Act Amendment Bill. The PUNCH gathered on Monday that the President, who stated this in his letter to the Senate, asked the National Assembly… In "Politics" Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari, has asked the National Assembly to remove the clause that has to do with direct primaries from the Electoral Act Amendment Bill. It was gathered on Monday that the President, who stated this in his letter to the Senate, asked the National Assembly to remove… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Ezenwo Wike has declared that the refusal of President Muhammadu Buhari to sign the amended Electoral Act is a threat to the nation’s existence as it will generate deadly political tension in 2019. The governor also declared that the whole essence of… In "Top Stories"