The Nigerian National Petroleum Company (NNPC) Limited has put defaulting importers of methanol blended Premium Motor Spirit (PMS), known as petrol, on notice for remedial action. The Group Managing Director of NNPC, Malam Mele Kyari, made this known at the meeting with some oil marketers to resolve issues generated by the recent supply and discharge of methanol blended petrol in some Nigerian depots. Kyari in a statement on Thursday by Garba Muhammad, Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, NNPC emphasised that defaulting suppliers have been put on notice for remedial actions. Providing a graphic chronicle of the unfortunate incident, Kyari said on Jan. 20, the company received a report from its quality inspector on the presence of emulsion particles in PMS cargoes shipped to Nigeria from Antwerp-Belgium. He explained that NNPC investigation revealed the presence of Methanol in four PMS cargoes imported by some Direct-Sale-Direct-Purchase (DSDP) suppliers with their Vessel Names and Load Port. He listed them as MRS — MT Bow Pioneer — LITASCO Terminal, Antwerp-Belgium and Emadeb/Hyde/AY Maikifi/Brittania-U Consortium —- MT Tom Hilde —- LITASCO Terminal, Antwerp-Belgium Others according to the NNPC CEO are Oando — MT Elka Apollon — LITASCO Terminal, Antwerp-Belgium and Duke Oil —– MT Nord Gainer —-LITASCO Terminal, Antwerp-Belgium. He noted that cargoes quality certificates issued at load port (Antwerp-Belgium) by AmSpec Belgium indicated that the gasoline complied with Nigerian Specification. “The NNPC quality inspectors including GMO, SGS, GeoChem and G&G conducted tests before discharge also showed that the gasoline met Nigerian specification,’’ he said. Kyari noted that as a standard practice for all PMS import to Nigeria, the said cargoes were equally certified by inspection agent appointed by the NMDPRA. “It is important to note that the usual quality inspection protocol employed in both the load port in Belgium and our discharge ports in Nigeria do not include the test for Per cent methanol content. “And therefore the additive was not detected by our quality inspectors,’’ he stated. However, in order to prevent the distribution of the petrol, he said the company promptly ordered the quarantine of all un-evacuated volumes and holding back of affected products in transit (both truck and marine). According to him, NNPC is working with the Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority (NMDPRA) to take necessary actions in line with subsisting regulations. He also reassured Nigerians of its capacity to restore sanity in the supply and distribution of quality petrol across the country within a short period. The Nigerian National Petroleum Company (NNPC) Limited has reassured Nigerians of its capacity to restore sanity in the supply and distribution of quality Premium Motor Spirit (PMS) also known as petrol across the country within a short period. The Chief Executive Officer/ Group Managing Director of NNPC, Mallam Mele Kyari… In "Business" The Nigerian National Petroleum Company (NNPC) has opened up on how adulterated fuel entered the country. The Group Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer, Mele Kyari spoke on Wednesday night in Abuja about the worrying matter. The contaminated petrol has damaged vehicles of an unknown number of citizens and companies, with queues… In "News" Former Kogi West lawmaker, Senator Dino Melaye has called for penalties following the supply of adulterated petrol across the country. Dino said someone must resign over the controversy. The petrol, with high methanol, has resulted in long queues in filling stations across the country as fuel scarcity bites hard. The… In "News"