The Arewa Youth Consultative Forum ( AYCF) has appealed to the Ondo State Governor Rotimi Akerelodu to put a stop to the maltreatment and harassment of northerners in the state by the Amotekun security outfit. A statement released on Friday, Feb. 18 and signed by the Forum’s National President, Yerima Shettima, alleged that on many occasions, Amotekun corps personnel have picked up and harassed northerns in the state for just no cause.The statement said the existence of SSS, the Army, Amotekun, NSCDC and other security personnel is to protect lives and properties and not to harass residentsIt added that the Amotekun Corps which is state-owned should not be used arbitrarily against the few northerners in the state, who are just going about their legitimate businesses.The statement reminded the governor that there are westerners spread across the northern parts of the country.Shettima added that, if the same unnecessary maltreatment, hatred and harassment is meted out to them, there will be no peace in the country.It warned that, if the government of Ondo State allows such intimidation and harassment to continue, without justification, it would mean that he does not want northerners in his state.  Source A northern group has claimed that Governor Rotimi Akeredolu created the southwest security outfit, Amotekun to kill herdsmen and northerners living in the southwest. The Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore made the allegation through its National Secretary, Saleh Alhassan, according to a report by DailyPost. Alhassan warned that Akeredolu would be… In "News" The Development Agenda for Western Nigeria (DAWN) Commission has explained the reason Amotekun Corps has not taken off in the six Southwest states. The commission, in a statement by its Director-General Mr. Seye Oyeleye in Ibadan Tuesday, explained that the six states were in the process of recruiting personnel into… In "News" It has been revealed that the operatives of the Western Nigeria Security Network popularly known as Amotekun in Ondo State have intercepted a bus loaded with 500 pieces of daggers concealed under the seats, according to SaharaReporters. They also recovered different seizes of knives and guns hidden inside Tigernut bags.… In "News"