The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) says it registered 58 additional lab-confirmed cases of COVID-19 in six states and the Federal Capital Territory on Tuesday.  The NCDC via its verified website on Wednesday morning, said that the additional Coronavirus infections in the country have moved up to 253,838 as at Tuesday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that on Tuesday no Coronavirus-related death was reported according to the NCDC for third straight days. As of Feb. 8, the overall deaths due to Coronavirus in Nigeria stood at 3,139. It stated that Lagos State, the country’s epicentre of the virus in the country reported most of the cases, with 35 infections on Tuesday, which include a backlog of 15 cases reported on Jan. 7. The NCDC noted that the FCT reported nine cases, which include a backlog of six cases reported on Feb. 7. While Edo had five cases, Delta reported four, with Kano and Rivers reporting two cases each and Kaduna had only one case. The agency stated that seven states, including Ekiti, Ogun, Osun, Ondo, Oyo, Plateau and Sokoto on Tuesday reported zero cases. The NCDC also announced that the total recoveries count have moved up from 230,145 it was the previous day to 230,211 on Tuesday after some patients tested negative to disease. It added that the country’s active cases declined by eight from 20,496 it was the previous day leaving the total at 20,488.  (NAN) The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has reported 159 additional lab-confirmed cases of COVID-19 in eight states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). The NCDC, via its verified website on Wednesday morning, said that withe the additional cases, coronavirus infections in the country moved up to 253,340 on Tuesday.… In "Health" The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), has recorded 129 COVID-19 infection with 16 additional deaths. The NCDC stated this in its daily COVID-19 report on Saturday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that the 129 additional cases reported on Friday, indicate an increase from the 53 cases of… In "News" ABUJA -  Anambra and Niger states  have joined the states in Nigeria with confirmed cases of COVID-19. This became evident Friday night as the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) confirmed 17 new cases of coronavirus in the country, bringing the total number of COVID-19 infections recorded so far to… In "Top Stories"