The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB has sent a serious warning to President Muhammadu Buhari and the Department of State Services concerning its leader, Nnamdi Kanu. IPOB on Tuesday warned that nothing must happen to its leader, Nnamdi Kanu who is still in the custody of the Department of State Services, DSS. IPOB issued the warning while noting that it was unsure if Kanu was still alive. The group was reacting to the refusal of the DSS to allow Kanu’s family and lawyers access to him. Emma Powerful, spokesman of IPOB, said the DSS and the Nigerian government would be held responsible if anything happened to Kanu in detention. A statement by Powerful reads: “The attention of the global movement and family of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) ably led by our great and prophet of our time has drawn to the refusal by the DSS in Abuja to allow family members and lawyer to our leader, Mazi Nnamdi KANU during the routine visitation in DSS custody on Monday. We also recall that the DSS did not also allow family members and lawyer access to our leader last week Thursday when they went to see him.“We, are therefore, putting the world on notice, that if anything untoward happens to our leader, Mazi Nnamdi KANU, Nigeria government and its security agencies should be held responsible for the bitter consequences of such avoidable scenario. By then they will understand that our peaceful disposition is never a sign of weakness!“Our legal team visited DSS Abuja on Thursday last week but the DSS refused to allow them to see our leader. Today again, Monday 21st of February, 2022, Nigeria DSS denied them access to our leader, Mazi Nnamdi KANU.“For now we are not sure of his state of health or if he is still alive at all. DSS should open up and tell the world why they are shielding our leader from the family and Lawyers. Have they eliminated Mazi Nnamdi KANU?” IPOB stressed that it should not be blamed for anything. Powerful accused the DSS and the Nigerian government of pushing the group to the wall. “We are informing the international community and all diplomatic missions in Abuja to be aware of the provocative actions of DSS. Nobody should blame IPOB for anything because the Nigeria Government and its security agencies have pushed us to the wall enough. DSS must know that if anything happens to our leader Mazi Nnamdi KANU, the consequences will be catastrophic.“Nigeria government and DSS Director should also know that Nnamdi KANU is prisoner of conscience and should not be tampered anyhow and there is no option for them than to release him unconditionally or they bear the consequences of keeping him in their custody for so long in Abuja. The whole world should take note of these atrocities both the Amnesty International and all reputable Human Rights Organisations across the world because his detention is going bring dangerous action in Nigeria in the near future,” he added.  source The Department of State Services, DSS, has been accused by the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Friday of plotting to kill its leader, Nnamdi Kanu, while in custody. Kanu was rearrested and extradited to Nigeria on Sunday by the Nigerian government. On Tuesday, the IPOB leader was brought before… In "News" The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB has warned against the continued solitary confinement of its leader, Nnamdi Kanu. Recall that Kanu has been in the custody of the Department of State Services, DSS since his arrest several months ago. IPOB said Nigeria will regret rearresting Kanu if anything happens to… In "News" The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has alleged that Tuesday’s coordinated attack Nigeria Defense Academy (NDA) was a plot by government and its security agencies to turn Nigeria into another Afghanistan. It also alleged the attack was an indication of likely plan to attack the Headquarters of the Department of… In "News"