By FRED  CHUKWUELOBE After reading this, my respect for former president Goodluck Jonathan increased. Many people are alive today because of what he did, and those who died in the hands of criminal elements lived to appreciate his kindness. Read. WHY I CONCEDED DEFEAT TO BUHARI “I was fully informed about the manipulations, intrigues, intimidation and betrayals. The consequences of not conceding were only better imagined. My natural instinct for peace automatically surfaced. I was going to make a decision which reflected my commitment to that ideal. This is the foundation of my essence. In my periodic projections into the future, I did not see how I would be presiding over any kind of chaos. I was prepared to promote the peace, unity and progress of Nigeria.” This is a huge sacrifice, but I hope my readers believe me when I say it turned out to be one of the easiest decisions I ever took while in office. “With my mind made up, I knew it was time to inject peace into the tensed polity, especially before INEC completed collation. “I was in my living room with some ministers, aides and friends. Among them were the Coordinating Minister for the Economy/Honourable Minister of Finance, Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, Honourable Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Mohammed Bello Adoke, SAN, the Honourable Minister of Aviation, Mr. Osita Chidoka and Waripamowei Dudafa, my Senior Special Assistant on Domestic Affairs..” “They were recommending sundry alternatives, but I was quiet in the midst of their discussion. I hugged my thoughts, figuring out how to do that which was best for the country. My personal interest was receding rapidly and the interest of Nigeria looming large. I excused myself and left the sitting room. I walked into my study. Even here, my mantra was a strong circle around me, supporting and comforting me. Let the country survive. Let democracy survive. My political ambition is not worth people being ‘soaked in blood’. “More reports flowed in and I could not wait anymore. The announcement of the final result could take issues out of all our hands. It was time for me to take action and bring peace to the nation. I felt I was destined by God at that point in time to inject the peace serum and douse the palpable tension in the country. “I reached for the telephone and placed a call through the State House operators at about 4:45 pm. A peace I had never felt since my political sojourn, descended on me. It showed me where I had been in the past 16 years and where I was then. I smiled at the thought of what I was about to do. I waited calmly for the person at the other end of my call to answer. Buhari: “Hello Your Excellency!” Me: “Your Excellency, how are you?” Buhari: “I am alright, Your Excellency” Me: “Congratulations!” Buhari: “Thank you very much Your Excellency” “For several seconds the line was seized by the loudest silence I have ever known. Then we had a brief discussion. I could sense his relief too. He knew what could have been. “Here is a man who had contested three times and lost. Maybe my gesture humbled him against his expectations because he thanked me and we talked about the handing over processes. “Everywhere all over Africa, Asia and other parts of the world, countless deaths have been recorded on the scores of elections and power disputes. I mentioned Cote d’Ivoire earlier, where people died in their thousands during post-election violence. A similar scenario had unfolded in Kenya. African nations are more prone to post-election violence than other parts of the world.” Only very few African nations have not experienced post-election violence on a very grand scale or some bitter power tussle fed by tribal or ethnic sentiments. “I hung up the phone, confident that my decision was right for Nigeria and would probably have a great impact on Africa. This may well be the beginning of a new perspective to power; a perspective which places national interest above personal preference. It should not always be about winning.” “After my conversation with Muhammadu Buhari, which lifted my spirit greatly, I felt better and lighter; it was time to break the news to my Ministers and aides. I wandered back into the living room. These are people I came to know after a period of time. I anticipated what their response would be.” “In my new found calm, I stood before them and told them what I had just done. The elections were over. I had called and congratulated Muhammadu Buhari on his victory. It was time for all of us to move on. Stunned silence greeted the room for some time and after they overcame their shock, they all congratulated me.” “My Aviation Minister, Osita Chidoka, sought my permission to tweet my phone conversation with Muhammadu Buhari. I obliged and he did. The country was no longer waiting for the declaration of the election results. The nationwide tension automatically dissipated as though a red hot piece of iron had been dipped in a bowl of water.’’ – Dr. Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, former President, Federal Republic Of Nigeria in My Transition Hours Former Special Adviser to the immediate past President Goodluck Jonathan on Inter-Party Relations, Chief Ben Obi, has revealed real reason his principal bowed out honourably even before the results of the 2015 general elections were announced. Ben Obi said that the outcome of the All Political Parties Summit of January… In "News" By Sulaimon Olanrewaju Contrary to expectations, President Goodluck Jonathan on Tuesday evening, called to congratulate the President-elect, General Muhammadu Buhari, ahead of the final announcement of the result of the presidential election held last Saturday. The gesture has taken the sail out of the wind of those who could have… In "Opinion" By Francis Onoiribholo - Bureau Chief Benin   As Nigerians continued to pour encomium on former President Goodluck Jonathan for conceding defeat to President Muhammadu Buhari in the 2015 presidential elections, his former Senior Special Assistant,(SSA) on Youth and Student Affairs, Comrade Jude Imagwe, weekend said there should be recommendation from… In "News"