University administrators have stressed the need for the nation’s tertiary institutions to collaborate with their counterparts in other parts of the world to discharge their core mandate to the society. A Professor of Religion and Associate Director of African Studies institute, University of Georgia, Athens (UGA), United States, Ibigbolade Aderibigbe and vice chancellor, Ajayi Crowther University (ACU) Oyo, Prof. Timothy Adebayo, made the call at the yearly lecture organised by the Faculty of Humanities of the institution and themed: “Institutional academic collaboration in the 21st Century: The dynamics of challenges and prospects.” Prof. Aderibigbe pointed out that for any institution to make impact in the 21st Century, collaboration is imperative. He noted that with globalisation, it is impossible for academic institutions to ignore the urgent need to be part of the global village mentality if the goals and missions for which they are established are to be achieved. “Indeed, it would be precarious for them not to take advantage offered by such collaboration.  Indeed, I dare say that it is imperative, if institutions seek to be competitive in the educational strategies that would uniquely place quality and acceptance of the standard of teaching, research and learning epitomised by faculty, students and administrators. “I believe any institution worth its salt and wants to be taken seriously in the 21st century and beyond, cannot fail to be part of this movement. He expressed hope that the collaboration between ACU and UGA would advance the collaboration. “My ultimate goal, therefore, is to ensure that the envisaged collaboration, when it eventually takes off, will be beneficial to the composite segments of the institutions,” the scholar said. On his part, Prof. Adebayo, said the collaboration is imperative to enhance the discharge of fundamental functions of universities. The VC said: “We need collaboration because one cannot do it alone as an higher institution.  You need to see what others are doing. Locally, nationally and globally. When you look at them, then, you can compare notes.  With that, you will be able to move along with the tide of things. The Dean of Faculty of Humanities, Prof. George Lasebikan, said the collaboration would open up massive opportunities for the university. As VC appoints Prof. Chinyere Nnorom, Pioneer Director, Centre for Human Resource Development The Federal University Ndufu-Alike Ikwo (FUNAI), Ebonyi State is to establish a directorate to be in charge of internationalization. This was hinted by the Vice Chancellor, Prof. Chinedum Nwajiuba during the 16th Management Meeting of the University… In "Education" By Hamza Suleiman   Biu   -      President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday laid the foundation of the Nigerian Army University project in Biu, Borno. Represented by the Minister of Education, Malam Adamu Adamu, the president said the government adopted effective mechanisms to harness educational resources to address security, political, social and… In "News" By Ruona Isikeh Benin - Prof. Lawrence Ezemonye, Vice-Chancellor, Igbinedion University, Okada, (IUO) says effective academic networking in universities can improve national development and gain access to standard based courses. Ezemonye said this on Monday at the opening of a four-day Cisco Networking Academy of South-South Instructors’ workshop. He said… In "News"