A southern-based youth group has called out former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar over his presidential ambition.  The group known as Southern Youth Alliance (SOYA) called on former Nigeria Vice President, Atiku Abubakar, to declare his intention to run for the president in 2023, as any further delay by him would be viewed as an act of cowardice. The group also claimed it will petition Atiku if he fails run for the number one office in the country in 2023. President of SOYA, Ismail Ridwan, stated this in Abeokuta, Ogun State, during a press conference said; “The country requires a choice of a leader who can speak the truth, mend fences of division and belong to the South and the North.” The group said it wasn’t comfortable with Atiku’s silence or reluctance in declaring his intention to contest . “If he does not do so, we will believe he is a coward, we will believe he is scared. We are respectfully making a demand that His Excellency Atiku Abubakar breaks the air about his ambition to run for the 2023 presidential election and make a declaration in the affirmative,” he said.  source A group, Southern Youth Alliance (SOYA), has called on former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar, to declare his intention to vie for the president in 2023, declaring that further delay by him would be viewed as an act of cowardice. The group also threatened to petition Atiku if he fails run… In "News" Ahead of 2023 presidency, former Vice president, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar has inaugurated Atiku Support Groups across the 36 states of the Federation. The Atiku Support Group was launched in Abuja under the leadership of Alhaji Abubakar Kabir Babawo as Director General and Atiku Aminu Mohammed as Chairman of the organization.… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Group under the auspices of Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, (CAGG) has called on former Vice President and business mogul, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar to shelve any ambition he might be nursing for the presidency in 2023. Olusegun Bamgbose, Esq., National Coordinator, pointed out… In "Top Stories"