The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has said that it would not cover up for anyone involved in the drug deal case which suspended Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) Abba Kyari is a major suspect. POLITICS NIGERIA reports that the spokesman of the agency, Femi Babafemi was reacting to the reported involvement of some yet-to-be-identified NDLEA officers in Kyari’s case. Recall that the Deputy Force Public Relations Officer (DFPRO), Olumuyiwa Adejobi said in a statement on Monday that its findings showed that some NDLEA officers were involved in official corruption which compromised ethical standards in their dealings with the suspects and exhibits recovered. “Beyond this, the Police investigation also established that the international narcotics cartel involved in this case have strong ties with some officers of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) who are on their pay roll. “The two arrested drug couriers confirmed that the modus is for the transnational drug barons to conspire with the NDLEA officers on duty and send them their pre-boarding photographs for identification. “The idea is to ensure seamless clearance, and unhindered passage out of the airport with the narcotics being trafficked,” Adejobi had said. Responding to a question on how the agency will treat its men who have been fingered in the illicit deal, Babafemi told Journalists on Tuesday: “Having gone this far, and doing due diligence, what kind of cover-up are you talking about?” “Anybody that may be indicted would face the full wrath of the law. And this has always been the stance of the Chairman/Chief Executive of NDLEA, Brig. Gen Mohamed Buba Marwa.” “We appeal to Nigerians to let the agency complete its assignment and we assured Nigerians that the outcome of the investigation would be made public appropriately.” Kyari is currently in the custody of the agency and is currently being interrogated alongside his cohorts The Force Headquarters, on Monday unraveled the identities of the suspected drug barons who allegedly colluded with DSP Abba Kyari and four others to ferry illicit drugs into the country. Abba Kyari and his team were declared wanted by the National Drig Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) on Monday. The suspects… In "Security" The Inspector-General of Police, Usman Baba has called for the arrest of NDLEA officers who connived with disgraced cop, Abba Kyari to traffick cocaine. The IGP urged the Chairman of National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, Brig-Gen Buba Marwa (retd), to immediately arrest the officers of the agency involved in the… In "News" •Suspended DCP Abba Kyari ABUJA - The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), has declared the suspended head of the Police Intelligence Response Team (IRT), DCP Abba Kyari, wanted over alleged drug offences. NDLEA spokesperson Femi Babafemi made the announcement during a press conference in Abuja on Monday. He said… In "Top Stories"