A police officer who is an accomplice of disgraced cop, Abba Kyari is currently on the run.  The officer identified as ASP John Umoru was part of Kyari’s team that engaged in cocaine trafficking. This comes after the Nigeria Police Force (NPF) asked the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) to produce its officers that worked with suspended DCP Abba Kyari in an exposed cocaine deal. The Inspector General, Usman Baba, made the demand after handing over indicted personnel to the anti-narcotics agency. Force Public Relations Officer, CSP Muyiwa Adejobi, issued a statement on his behalf on Monday. Baba revealed in-house investigation established reasonable grounds for strong suspicion that the IRT officers were involved in some underhand and unprofessional dealings and corruption. The IGP noted that their actions compromised ethical standards in their dealings with the suspects and exhibits recovered. The police said the international narcotics cartel under probe have strong ties with some NDLEA officers at the Akanu Ibiam International Airport, Enugu, and “are on their payroll”. “The two arrested drug couriers confirmed that the modus is for the transnational drug barons to conspire with the NDLEA officers on duty and send them their pre-boarding photographs for identification, seamless clearance, and unhindered passage out of the airport with the narcotics being trafficked. “The two arrested drug couriers also confirmed that they have been enjoying this relationship with the NDLEA officers at the Akanu Ibiam International Airport since 2021.” Baba said they had, in the case of 19th January 2022, been identified and cleared by the NDLEA officers as customary, having received their pre-departure photographs and other details prior to their arrival in Enugu. “They were on their way out with the narcotics when they were apprehended by the Police”, the statement noted. “The concerned officers include DCP Abba Kyari, ACP Sunday Ubuah, ASP Bawa James, ASP John Umoru (at large), Inspr. Simon Agrigba and John Nuhu. They have all been, accordingly, handed over today 14th February 2022 to the NDLEA authorities.” The IGP assured of his administration’s commitment to upholding ethical regeneration, restoration of professional standards, enhancement of the anti-corruption drive and respect for the rule of law.  NAN The Inspector-General of Police, Usman Baba has called for the arrest of NDLEA officers who connived with disgraced cop, Abba Kyari to traffick cocaine. The IGP urged the Chairman of National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, Brig-Gen Buba Marwa (retd), to immediately arrest the officers of the agency involved in the… In "News" •Embattled DCP Abba Kyari •POLICE ARREST DCP ABBA KYARI, 4 OTHER POLICE OFFICERS FOR ALLEGATIONS OF TAMPERING WITH NARCOTIC EXHIBITS, OFFICIAL CORRUPTION AND SUNDRY UNPROFESSIONAL INFRACTIONS* •As IGP Orders Immediate Transfer of Case to NDLEA,  Charges NDLEA to Investigate indicted officers of the Agency ABUJA (Press Release) - The Nigeria… In "Top Stories" The Force Headquarters, on Monday unraveled the identities of the suspected drug barons who allegedly colluded with DSP Abba Kyari and four others to ferry illicit drugs into the country. Abba Kyari and his team were declared wanted by the National Drig Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) on Monday. The suspects… In "Security"