By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate on a Tuesday confirmed five nominees appointed by President Muhammadu Buhari as Commissioners of the National Population Commission (NPC). Also confirmed were four other nominees as Commissioners of the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC). The confirmation of the nominees followed the consideration of two separate reports by the Committees on National Identity and National Population; and Power. Two separate presentations were made by Senators Ya’u Sahabi Alhaji (Zamfara North) and Gabriel Suwam, who both Chair the respective Committees. The nominees were confirmed after the chamber considered the reports. The nominees confirmed as Commissioners of the National Population Commission include: Chief Engr. Benedict Ukpong Effiong (Akwa-Ibom), Mrs. Gloria Fateya Izonfo (Bayelsa), Barr. Kupchi Patricia Ori Iyanya (Benue), Dr. Haliru Bala (Kebbi), and Dr. Eyitayo Oyekunle Oyetunji (Oyo). In addition, the four nominees confirmed as Commissioners of the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission were Dr. Yusuf Ali (North Central), Engr. Chidi Ike (South East), Mr. Nathan Rogers Shatti (North East), and Mr. Dafe Akpeneye (South South). The Senate on Wednesday confirmed the nominations of Nnamonso Ekanem and Mahmoud Abubakar Magaji as members of the Federal Judicial Service Commission. The nominees who are from Akwa-Ibom and Niger are to represent the South-South zone and North-Central zone on the Commission, respectively.The confirmation of both nominees followed the consideration… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has confirmed President Muhammadu Buhari’s nomination of Engr. Sanusi Garba as Chairman of the Nigeria Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC). This was even as the Upper Chamber confirmed the nominations of Dr. Musilliu O. Oseni as Vice Chairman; and Aisha Mahmud as… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Tuesday received a request from President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm the nomination of Mu’azu Jaji Sambo from Taraba State as Minister of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. The confirmation request was contained in a letter dated December 8, 2021, and read… In "Top Stories"