The Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party PDP in Kwara State died a few hours after celebrating his birthday.  Late Ashaolu turned a year older on Friday, February 25, and was hosted by his friends and party members including former Senate President Bukola Saraki, to a get-together on Saturday, February 26. By Sunday, February 27, at about 7.30pm, Ashaolu took ill and was pronounced dead by doctors. ”My brother, friend, professional colleague and politician. Our friendship abruptly ends.Olatunde was one of the young lads that l forged childhood friendship with as sophomores in my Alma mater, Cherubim & Seraphim College in llorin. Others included Abdulkadir Abiodun Baraje, scion of the Alhaji Kawu Baraje, a former National Chairman of the People’s Democratic Party [PDP], Saheed Olawale Adebayo aka Omo Oga Bello, also the scion of the Adebayo Salami dynasty of llorin. Olawale was the older brother of Femi Adebayo, the lawyer turned thespian who was also in the boarding house with us.Until his death on Sunday February 27th, 2022 and a day after he was hosted to a birthday gig, his birthday being a day prior, as in Friday, February 26th, February, 2022 Tunde was the State Publicity Secretary of the People’s Democratic Party [PDP] in Kwara State. Below are images from the birthday dinner hosted by His Excellency, Dr Abubakar Bukola Saraki at Abuja on Saturday in honour of Hon. Akintoba Fatigun at 50 and his birthday mate, Hon. Tunde Ashaolu, the State Publicity Secretary of the People’s Democratic Party, PDP, in Kwara State.Life, here today, no more the next minute.Goodnight buddie.”Another friend, Henry Shield, wrote ”My friend, my brother, my confidant and my ally, Ashaolu Tunde, how could you bid us farewell in this manner? How could you leave without a word? How? You were among the best of men, gentle, coordinated, calm and unassuming. You wore life and shared yourself with all. How could I wish you a happy birthday on Saturday and you chose to leave on Sunday? Who does that? Your death has hurt me deeper than words can express. I wish I can pour out my heart here but I can’t. You were my friend and a true one at that. Pls Rest In Peace and know that you’ll never be forgotten. Adieu my good friend and brother.” His cause of death was however not disclosed. May his soul rest in peace, Amen.  source Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Spokesman of the People's Democratic Party (PDP) in Kwara State, Tunde Ashaolu,  has described Yekini Nabena, the National Publicity Secretary of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC),  as a depreciation of the standards that should be associated with a ruling party. In a statement in Ilorin, Ashaolu… In "News" Ibrahim Isa Bio, an ex-Speaker of the Kwara State House of Assembly, has defected from the ruling All Progressives Congress party to the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. Bio, also a former Minister of Transport, defected on Thursday, alongside his supporters at his Gure/Gwasoro ward in Baruten Local Government Area of… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko ABUJA - (Sundiata Post) -  Fear saturated the camp of the All Progressives Congress-led federal government  as different parties and  Political juggernauts converged at Yar'adua centre yesterday and put pen to paper on how to work together to sack President Muhammadu Buhari from Aso Rock come February 2019.… In "News"