The U. S. has again urged its citizens in Ukraine to leave the country immediately amid alleged threats of Russian military action, the U,S. State Department said in a travel advisory.  “Do not travel to Ukraine due to the increased threats of Russian military action and COVID-19 and those in Ukraine should depart now via commercial or private means. “If remaining in Ukraine, exercise increased caution due to crime, civil unrest and potential combat operations should Russia take military action some areas have increased risk,” the advisory said. On Jan. 23, the state department authorised evacuation of U.S. diplomats’ family members and of direct hire employees. The department also recommended that U.S. citizens, who were present in Ukraine should consider departing right away due to unpredictable security situation. Earlier in February, Ned Price, State Department spokesperson says it is estimated that some 6,600 U.S. citizens permanently live in Ukraine in October, while some news outlets reported that there are at least 30,000 Americans in the country.  (NAN) By Prudence Arobani New York -  The U.S. has advised its citizens against travelling to Russia where the FIFA World Cup is currently taking place with 32 countries participating, raising the threat level to 3. The Department of State in its renewed ‘Travel Advisory for Russia’ advising travellers to reconsider… In "Foreign" The US department of state has warned its citizens to reconsider traveling to Nigeria saying violent crime, such as armed robbery, assault, carjacking, terrorism, civil unrest, kidnapping, rape and piracy are common in the country. This was contained in a travel advisory released on its website, which contains information on… In "Foreign" Washington - The NATO foreign ministers’ meeting  in Washington will focus on emerging Russian threats to the alliance, in addition to talks on Afghanistan and increased financial burden sharing, a senior U.S. Official said. The official also repeated warnings to Turkey not to purchase the Russian S-400 air defence system,… In "Foreign"