The Igbo language will be taught for the first time on February 24 at the University of Oxford, England, as they have appointed a Nigerian man, Emmanuel Ikechukwu Umeonyirioha as its first Igbo language lecturer. Umeonyirioha broke the news in a post via his Twitter handle on Thursday night, as he noted that it was the first time that the language would be taught in the university. Umeonyirioha vowed to make Igbo language and culture known to the world, while expressing appreciation for the opportunity. Umeonyirioha also said his induction as a lecturer took place on Friday while his first class is to hold on February 24. His tweet reads, “It is official that I am the first official Igbo Language lecturer at the number one university in the world, the University of Oxford,” “Our induction happened today (Friday) by Marion Sadoux, Head of Modern Language Programmes, University of Oxford Language Centre.” “This became possible in the account of the James Currey Society. This is the first time the Igbo language will be taught at the university. History has been made.” “I am so happy and grateful for this opportunity. I promise to make the Igbo language and culture known to the world.” “First class starts next week Thursday, 3-4 pm, on 12 Woodstock Road.” The University of Oxford is a premier institution in the United Kingdom and one of the best universities in the world. It is the oldest university in the English-speaking world and has educated a wide range of notable alumni, including 28 prime ministers of the United Kingdom and many heads of state and government around the world. (TheNiche) By Max Amuchie ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - An icon and founding father of African literary criticism, Professor Ben Obumselu, has died, aged 85. He died in the early hours of Saturday (today) in Lagos after a protracted battle with cancer. In announcing Obumselu's death to Sundiata Post, his friend, Mr.… In "Top Stories" By Abraham Jonah, Chief Middle East Editor Concepts University College London, a leading distance learning educational and online institution has been spreading her tentacles in knowledge delivery across the globe via partnership with other recognised universities and establishment of schools in Africa and Nigeria in particular. The University makes it… In "News" •Isa Ali Pantami It emerged late last week that Communications and Digital Economy Minister Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami (or his agents) possibly instructed Zamfara State governor Bello Muhammad Matawalle to place an advertorial in the Daily Trust to congratulate Pantami on his “promotion to the Rank of Full Professor of… In "Opinion"