The First Lady, Mrs Aisha Buhari, on Wednesday in Kano condoled with the state government over the alleged murder of a school girl, Hanifa. She also commiserated with the family of the late Shiekh Ahmad Muhammad-Bamba. The president’s wife informed Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje that she was in the state for a private visit but decided to commiserate with him on the death of Hanifa. “I am here to condole with the government, the Emir of Kano, Hanifa’s family and the entire people of the state. “As a mother, I hope justice will be served on the matter so that mothers will be satisfied. “My grandchildren are already in nursery and primary schools. They trusted their teachers and we too. “In a situation where our children are not safe in their schools, that means the society has become something else. “Punishment should be served to satisfy all the mothers,” she said. The First Lady also condoled with the governor over the late Muhammad-Bamba. She prayed to the Almighty Allah to forgive his sins and grant him Al-Jannah Firdausi. In his response, Ganduje, expressed delight and thanked the president’s wife for the visit. He said that the late Hanifa was kidnapped by her own custodian and eventually killed. “This is unfortunate, and I assure you and the nation that we are concerned, justice will be done. She was our daughter. He said that the government was taking some measures pertaining to the property where the incident took place. Ganduje added that the government would take care of Hanifa’s parents to reduce their pains Aisha Buhari, Nigeria's First Lady, has demanded the public execution of school proprietor, Abdulmalik Muhammad Tanko, who kidnapped and murdered a pupil under his care, Hanifa Abubakar. Tanko, who is proprietor of Noble Kids Comprehensive College, Kwanan Dakata in Kano has confessed to kidnapping and subsequently the killing of the… In "News" Good Governance and Economic Justice in Africa and the Unity Project Nigeria have, this weekend, jointly condemned the gruesome murder of Hanifa, a five-year-old pupil who was abducted and eventually murdered by the proprietor of the primary school she attended in Kano. Describing the incident as a “harrowing tragedy,” the… In "Features" By Mohammed Nur Tijani Kano -  Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has condoled with family of the former military governor of old Kano State, Air Vice Marshal Hamza Abdullahi (rtd), who died in a Germany Hospital on Wednesday. The condolence is contained in a statement signed by the Commissioner… In "News"