Aloy Ejimakor, Special Counsel to embattled leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB on Monday, reacted to reports that the Federal High Court, Abuja, was considering moving the trial venue of Mazi Nnamdi Kanu.  Ejimakor suggested that Kanu’s trial should be shifted to the Umuahia division of the Federal High Court.Ejimakor explained that the IPOB leader last resided in Abia State, hence the trial should be shifted to Umuahia, the State capital.He was reacting to comments by the Chief Judge of the Federal High Court, Justice John Tsoho, on the possibility of changing the venue of Kanu’s trial.Justice Tosho had explained that the decision was to prevent the interruption of other pending cases in court during Kanu’s trial.The IPOB leader is facing terrorism charges before Justice Binta Nyako of the Abuja Federal High Court.During proceedings involving Kanu, the court premises is usually besieged by the agitator’s followers, occasioned by heavy security presence.Most times, security operatives prevent other lawyers from gaining access into the court premises during Kanu’s proceedings.This, Justice Tsoho, had frowned at, hence his consideration to move Kanu’s trial to another venue.Reacting, Ejimakor suggested that the court should also consider moving Kanu’s trial to any State in the South-East.The Special Counsel stressed that Abuja has no territorial connection with the crimes levelled against the IPOB leader.According to Ejimakor: “If the Federal High Court overrules the objections to its jurisdiction and persists with the trial, then the venue should be shifted to the Umuahia division of the Federal High Court, because that is where Nnamdi Kanu last resided before he was pursued to Kenya and renditioned.“Abuja has no territorial connection with the offenses alleged. The alleged offences are entirely in Southeast.“So, any of the Southeast divisions will also serve as proper venue. If it requires making an expedient exception to the law, so be it”.  source Rights activist Deji Adeyanju has called on Justice Binta Nyako of an Abuja Federal High Court to recuse herself from the trial of Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). Adeyanju accused Justice Nyako of bias, saying she is not neutral enough to handle Kanu’s trial. The… In "News" Abuja - Rights activist Deji Adeyanju has called on Justice Binta Nyako of an Abuja Federal High Court to recuse herself from the trial of Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). Adeyanju accused Justice Nyako of bias, saying she is not neutral enough to handle Kanu’s… In "Top Stories" President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), should prove he respects the judiciary by exploring political solutions to resolve the detention of the embattled leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu. Kanu’s Special Counsel, Aloy Ejimakor, stated this in a chat with The PUNCH on Wednesday while reacting… In "Politics"