The House of Representatives has called for an investigation into recurring leakages of West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) question papers, resulting in cancellations by West African Examinations Council (WAEC). This followed the adoption of a motion by Rep. Benjamin Kalu (APC-Abia) at Wednesday’s plenary in Abuja. Presenting the motion, Kalu said that WAEC was the body responsible for the administration, monitoring, supervision, and evaluation of WASSCE in Nigeria. “On Sept. 15, 2021, in a notice issued by the Public Affairs Department, WAEC cancelled Physics 2 and 1 and Business Management 2 and 1 Examinations, which were originally scheduled for Sept. 15, 2021. “The examination body cited leakages of some examination papers on social media as a reason for the cancellation,” he said. ALSO READ: Masari ban political thuggery, indiscriminate banner display in Katsina Kalu that WAEC had on many occasions cancelled the examination for similar reasons, saying that such cancellations were indicative of ineptitude on the part of the examination body. “Mr Areghan Patrick, Head of WAEC National Office in Nigeria, had claimed that the organisation was operating at a yearly deficit of N7 billion, ” he said. Kalu said there was a need to address the problem, by improving the security of the examination. The House thereafter urged WAEC to establish more rigorous standards for the administration, monitoring, supervision and evaluation of its examinations in Nigeria. Abuja (Sundiata Post) - West African Examinations Council WAEC, Registrar, Dr Iyi Uwadiae, has announced his retirement at the end of his tenure, which ends this month. Uwadiae disclosed this to newsmen at the WAEC International Office in Agidingbi, Ikeja, Lagos State, during a tele-conference from Ghana headquarters of the… In "Top Stories" The West African Examinations Council, WAEC has announced it is making plans to release withheld results for candidates found not guilty of malpractices. The results will be for the West African Senior School Certificate Examination, WASSCE for Private Candidates, 2020 – Second Series and WASSCE for Private Candidates, 2021 –… In "Education" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - We have not cancelled the West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) for school candidates 2020 as claimed by some social media posts, the West African Examinations Council (WAEC) has said. The Council is also not refunding N22’500 to candidates for cancelling the… In "Top Stories"