An unidentified lady has expressed love for one of the PSquare duo, Mr P by inking him on her thigh. A video recently saw a young lady happily put her thigh on display as she danced to Phyno’s song playing loudly in the background. The video showed the initial of the Okoye twin and his face visibly inked on the lady’s right thigh. Reacting to the development, many social media users wondered why she chose to tattoo someone’s husband on her body. Others simply bashed her for the action. angelsyummycakes said: “Aunty this is somebody’s husband…..shift abeg.” sir_deymond wrote: “But watin Dey make this girl Dey do this?? Is it for money or what and again then she will now get married with another woman’s husband tattoo on her body… it’s well oo.” ptweety_chizzy stated: “Leave all this home wrecker in the name of fan tattoo ,, nonsense talk, tattoo Jesus Christ or the devil or your boyfriend, no come dey dance anyhow here.” blessing.kewe said: “Mumu dey worry u ooo…a married man utaka_susu wrote: “Confused grl, tattoo Mr p for her laps come dey vibe phyno song.” aime_matt stated: “See the nice lap you had, you went ahead to allow someone draw nonsense all because of what? Celeb?? Mtchew.” _sassyhoney__ said: “I don’t really understand why some women freak for artist oooh… No artist can make me freak to the extent of drawing them on my body.” okeremary7 wrote: “another woman husband on your lap. Receive senses in Jesus name.” x_ginna stated: “This one is stupidity please, another woman’s husband.” vibeswithgazini said: “Somebody’s husband and Father why are some girls shameless.” ugocchie_ wrote: “Omo I believe u don’t have anything meaningful doing, he’s married fgs!!what if he doesn’t acknowledge u for this.” i_am_ceey stated: “Mumu girl, ontop person husband.” (Thenation)      A Nigerian lady condemned on social media by reality star, Ka3na for drawing her name on her arm has reportedly taken poison. The lady left hospitalized after receiving the bashing of her life from the ex-BBNaija housemate. After Ka3na who initially tweeted she wanted a fan to tattoo her name… In "Social Media Feeds" Nollywood actress, Onyii Alex has called for the thumbs-up for Igbo ladies, whom she claims are usually not in the habit of waiting for their men to cater for them, but would rather go out in the society to hustle to meet their individual needs. Speaking against the backdrop of… In "Entertainment" BBnaija star, Ka3na took to Twitter to slam the young lady who got a tattoo of her name on her thighs. Yesterday, the girl in a video shared on social media, denied tattooing Ka3na name on her body for money after Ka3na berated her. According to young girl, she did… In "Entertainment"