By Kingsley Chukwuka Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Plateau only female Senator (APC Plateau South), Prof. Nora Dadu’ut, has again empowered the people of Plateau South Senatorial District with agricultural farm implements, aimed at adding colour to their lives. In addition to the agricultural implements, she also donated items from the Sustainable Development Goal (SDG). Dadu’ut said the effort is in line with the fulfilment of her campaign promises which is focused on Agriculture, Education, Women/Youths Empowerment and Health/Human Capital Development. The Senator was speaking at the weekend in Shendam Local Government Council of the State during the Distribution of the items. “I am quite happy to be here today to distribute these items to the various beneficiaries and I strongly advise all the beneficiaries to put these items to proper use in order to better their lives”, she said. Dadu’ut laud President Muhammadu Buhari for the economic policy of his administration and for his intervention in several ways to alleviate the concerns of the Nigerian populace. “It is indeed through these interventions that I have attracted some of these benefits to my constituency”, she said By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senator Nora Dadu'ut, APC Plateau South, has said approximately 2,377 women and youths have benefitted from her various empowerment programme. Dadu'ut said the women and youths have gained cash, training, business registration, grinding machine, irrigation pump, motorcycle, sewimg machine, grinding machine, tricycle, street… In "News" By Chijioke Kingsley The only female federal Senator in Plateau State, Sen. Nora Dadu'ut, APC Plateau South, has prioritize Education, ICT, saying that the only investment that endures is when you equip the youths with these skills. The lawmaker said those who get an education have higher incomes, have more… In "News" By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The only female federal Senator in Plateau State, Sen. Nora Dadu'ut, APC Plateau South, has prioritize Education, ICT, saying that the only investment that endures is when you equip the youths with these skills. The lawmaker said those who get an education have… In "Politics"