LAGOS – As comprehensive repair works commenced on the Eko Bridge (Alaka-Apongbon), the Lagos State Government has barred articulated and heavy-duty trucks from using the bridge throughout the duration of the work. The Federal Government had earlier announced the commencement of comprehensive repair works on the bridge, commencing from Saturday, March 5, 2022. The government also said that the work would last for six months period. A statement by Dr. Frederic Oladeinde, Commissioner for Transportation, Lagos State, said that barring of the articulated and heavy-duty trucks on the bridge was necessary following the nature of the repair works. Oladeinde said such vehicles would be diverted to Costain Roundabout to access their desired destinations, while smaller vehicles inbound Apongbon from Alaka can still utilise the bridge during the course of the repair works. The statement hinted that the diversion point is on the Apongbon bound lane of the bridge. To further manage traffic, Oladeinde emphasised that traffic guides would also be mounted along the affected routes to help motorists navigate the axis during the construction, adding that the State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA) would be on the ground to coordinate movement. However, the commissioner lauded the citizenry for their uncompromised understanding and patience amidst various ongoing road projects within the state, but assured that the end result would be beneficial to the people and the state in the long run. By Grace Alegba Lagos - The Federal Controller of Works in Lagos, Mr Adedamola Kuti on Tuesday night said that contrary to misleading media reports, “the Eko Bridge is open and not closed.’’ Kuti said this during a joint media briefing with the Special Adviser to Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu on… In "News" By Grace Alegba   Lagos  -   The Federal Government has begun emergency and remedial repair of some major roads and bridges in Lagos State, the Federal Controller of Works, Lagos, Mr Godwin Eke, said on Sunday. Eke told journalists in Lagos that some of the bad roads required urgent attention… In "News" The Ijora ramp of Eko Bridge will be closed from midnight to be able to fix a major expansion joint undergoing rehabilitation. The Federal Controller of Works in Lagos, Mr Olukayode Popoola, said this during an inspection of the bridge. He said that construction works on the Costain section of… In "News"