….Urges governors to explore economic gains in 5G … As Danbatta assures stakeholders of NCC’s full assistance to fully deploy 5G network in the country By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy Isa Pantami has said that the adoption of 5G technology and rolling out its networks would support in the development of Nigeria’s digital economy. This is also as he has called on Governors to explore gains the deployment of Fifth Generation Network (5G) will bring to their states and the Nigerian economy rather than gains from network operators. Pantami made the call on Thursday at a public workshop on National Policy on 5G Networks and Handover of Spectrum Allocation for deployment in Abuja on Thursday. Pantami urged the governors to look beyond the gains from right of way, which he said had become a challenge from time to time. He noted that the Federal Government had addressed the issue more than 90 per cent but from time to time it may come. “I do hope that they will understand the economic benefit, the security benefits and many more of this technological advancement. “It is beyond right of way charges. It goes beyond that. So let us try to make the process very easy for operators so that they will be able to deploy 5G,” he said. According to him, 5G will provide very fast and reliable communication for our security personnel and allow them to swiftly access relevant data required to carry out their duties. “5G will allow for real time high quality and data intensive surveillance of relevant areas using high definition cameras. “Emerging technologies like blockchain can significantly improve transparency to the delivery of government services at all levels. “The World Economic Forum attests to the potential of blockchain to increase the efficiency and fairness of government system and by extension limit opportunities for corruption. “It can significantly improve transparency in procurement procedures enhance land and registry system, ensure that government documents are not accessed by unauthorised personal,” he said. The minister also, called on stakeholders to look into the National Policy for 5G deployment in the country and its distribution. “The National policy for 5G deployment in Nigeria for our country’s digital economy is also going to be distributed after the launching. “We use the occasion for the public presentation of the policy and we encourage our stakeholders to look into it and ensure a very successful implementation of the policy on what we have been doing.” “According to February 2021 report by accentuate, 5G enabled factories can see up to 20 to 30 per cent in overall productivity gains including improvement of 50 per cent in assemble time. “Twenty per cent in asset life and 90 per cent in defect detection. These are only a few examples to show how 5G can have a positive impact on our economy,” he said. In his remarks, The Executive Vice-Chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), Prof. Umar Danbatta, assured stakeholders that the NCC would fully give them all the necessary assistance they needed to fully deploy the 5G network in the country. He also thanked all them (stakeholders) for their contributions towards the deployment of 5G in the country. The Director-General, National Identity Management Commission (NIMC), Mr Aliyu Aziz, said the success of the policy implementation would largely depend on good collaboration among all stakeholders in the country. “The success of the policy will largely depend on us; working closely together and building stronger partnerships to develop our nation and also grow the economy,” he said. The Director-General, Galaxy Back Bone, Prof. Mohammed Abubakar, said the deployment of 5G and implementation of the digital policy would help to achieve this administration’s transparency and boost the economy. “The deployment of 5G and the implementation of the national digital policy, will also serve as a catalyst for achieving the core objectives. By Ijeoma Olorunfemi Abuja - Mr Uche Osuji, MTN’s General Manager (GM) for Network Operations, said that 5G Network had the capacity to enable 12 trillion Dollars worth of economic activities globally by 2035. Osuji said this on Thursday at the 26th Professionals’ Assembly of the Computer Professionals Registration Council… In "Technology" The Office of the National Security Adviser (ONSA) and Minister of Communications and Digital Economy Dr Isa Patanmi have disagreed on the suitability of the 5th Generation (5G) technology in Nigeria. ONSA warned of grave national security risks potentially associated with the wrongful use of the technology equipment for telecommunications… In "News" By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday commended the Nigerian Communication Commission (NCC) for the advancement being witnessed in the telecommunication sector as he also endorsed the trial of 5-G technology at the MTN first live demo of 5G network in Abuja.Minister of Communications and Digital… In "News"