Prof Banji Akintoye, the popular Yoruba Historian, has said he and all those who believe in the actualisation of the Yoruba Nation will never allow the Nigerian government to criminalise the struggle.  Akintoye, who is the leader of the umbrella body of Yoruba self-determination groups, Ilana Omo Oodua Worldwide, further urged supporters to keep the hope alive.He stated this in a statement signed by the Communications Secretary of the Self-Determination Movement, Maxwell Adeyemi.Akintoye noted that “The Yoruba Nation is an idea whose time has come.”The statement reads “Today, I clock 87. I thank God for this unusual grace and favour from God. I am grateful to God for the strength, energy and good health that I am enjoying.“My message to the Yoruba people worldwide who are passionate for the country of their own is not to lose hope.“I am more than convinced that we are on our way to freedom. Our agitation is an idea whose time has come. We shall keep the struggle alive, and beyond the manipulation of the Nigerian government. “We won’t allow the Nigerian Government to criminalise our struggle. The Yoruba people worldwide are urged never to be deterred.” He added that, “Many Yoruba patriots worldwide planned to celebrate my birthday but I pleaded with them not to do so in honour of my son and one of the heroes of our struggle, Chief Sunday Adeyemo, fondly called Sunday Ighoho, by all of us. I cannot be celebrating my birthday when Ighoho is in detention.”  source A fresh crisis has engulfed secessionist agitators in Southern Nigeria and the Middle Belt as one of the arrowhead of the self-determination coalition, Prof Banji Akintoye, resigned as the Chairman of the coalition known as the Nigerian Indigenous Nationalities Alliance for Self-Determination. NINAS was the umbrella body of self-determination groups… In "News" •Prof Banji Akintoye THE leader of the umbrella body of Yoruba self-determination groups, Ilana Omo Oodua, Professor Banji Akintoye, on Sunday described as untrue, media reports that he has left Nigeria to escape the plots of the Nigerian government to arrest him.  Confirming that he is truly in the Republic… In "Top Stories" Yoruba Nation arrowhead, Prof Banji Akintoye, says the north will continue to rule and dominate Nigeria regardless of whoever is in power as President. He spoke from Benin Republic in a PUNCH Live Interview on Tuesday. Akintoye made the comments days after the Northern Elders Forum said the north would… In "News"