The Nigerian National Petroleum Company (NNPC) has opened up on how adulterated fuel entered the country.  The Group Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer, Mele Kyari spoke on Wednesday night in Abuja about the worrying matter. The contaminated petrol has damaged vehicles of an unknown number of citizens and companies, with queues in Abuja, Lagos and some other States. Kyari said the PMS was imported from Antwerp in Belgium with quality inspectors failing to detect the high level of methanol. The GMD disclosed that the NNPC first got report on the presence of emulsion particles in cargoes shipped to Nigeria on January 20. “NNPC investigation revealed the presence of Methanol in Four (4) PMS cargoes imported by the following DSDP suppliers namely:“MRS MT Bow Pioneer LITASCO Terminal, Antwerp-Belgium, Emadeb/Hyde/AY Maikifi/Brittania-U Consortium MT Tom Hilde; Oando MT Elka Apollon; Duke Oil MT Nord Gainer,” he said. He noted that cargo quality certificates issued at load port (Antwerp-Belgium) by AmSpec Belgium showed the gasoline complied with Nigerian specification. NNPC quality inspectors, including GMO, SGS, GeoChem and G&G also conducted tests before discharge. The cargoes were equally certified by inspection agent appointed by the Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority. Kyari said the NNPC had ordered the quarantine of all un-evacuated volumes and the holding back of all the affected products in transit. Defaulting suppliers have been put on notice for remedial actions, while the state oil company and relevant agencies will take further actions in line with subsisting regulations.  Source Former Kogi West lawmaker, Senator Dino Melaye has called for penalties following the supply of adulterated petrol across the country. Dino said someone must resign over the controversy. The petrol, with high methanol, has resulted in long queues in filling stations across the country as fuel scarcity bites hard. The… In "News" ABUJA - The Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority has addressed the reports of adulterated petrol in circulation. According to NMDPRA, some filling stations were supplied petrol which contained high levels of methanol (an additive for producing petrol) in excessive quantity, above the standard specifications. “The Nigerian Midstream and… In "News" By Yetunde Bada Abuja -   The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) says it is intensifying efforts to flood the market with petrol and other products to ease scarcity pervading the country. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that many motorists and travellers had been groaning in pains in… In "Business"