A Catholic parish located in Chawai, in the Kauru Local Government Area of Kaduna State was attacked onSunday night by gunmen, The parish priest was kidnapped and his aide allegedly. Rev Fr Joseph Shekari was kidnapped but the terrorists didn’t spare the life of a yet-to-be-identified cook working in the parish house who was allegedly killed during the attack. In a statement by Catholic Chancellor, Kafanchan Diocese, by Rev. Fr. Emanuel Okolo, who confirmed the development, he said “It is with great pain that we announce to you the kidnapping of our Priest, Rev. Fr. Joseph Danjuma Shekari. The sad event occurred on Sunday, February 06, 2022, at about 11.30 pm.” “He was abducted from his residence at St. Monica’s Catholic Church, Ikulu Pari, in Kauru Local Government Area of Kaduna State. “While we solicit for intense prayer for his quick and safe release, we equallywish to call on all and sundry to refrain from taking the laws into their hands. “We will use every legitimate means to ensure his quick and safe release. “May Jesus crucified on the Cross, listen to our prayers and hasten the unconditional release of His Priest and all other kidnapped persons,” Okolo said. A Catholic Priest, Rev Fr Joseph Shekari, has been abducted by suspected terrorists in Chawai, a community in the Kauru Local Government Area of Kaduna State. During the attack, his cook was reportedly killed. Suspected terrorists have abducted a Catholic Priest, Rev Fr Joseph Shekari, in Chawai, a community in… In "News" By Stanley Nwanosike Enugu - The Enugu Police Command said Saturday in Enugu that it has commenced a massive manhunt of abductors of a Catholic Priest, Rev.-Fr. Theophilus Ndulue. This was coming barely two weeks after the release of another catholic priest earlier abducted in the state. According to the… In "News" Abuja  -   The Most Rev. Felix Ajakaye, the Bishop of Ekiti Catholic Diocese, has called for the release of two Reverend Sisters and a Reverend Father who were kidnapped while on official assignment. Ajakaye, in a statement sent to News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja on Saturday, said… In "News"