A former Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) governorship candidate in Lagos State, Dr Ade Dosunmu, says PDP in Lagos State needs a party man with antecedents in party management as its chairman.  Dosunmu made the declaration on Wednesday in Lagos when he spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) ahead of the party’s state congress slated for Feb. 19. He said that the PDP needed a good party manager to win the 2023 governorship election in the state. NAN reports that the party rescheduled the congress to Feb. 19 after the Oct. 16, 2021 earlier scheduled for the activity was aborted. “We need a party man that has antecedents in party management. We need a party leader that is a grassroots mobiliser. “The task ahead requires somebody that is well grounded in the PDP to lead us in the battle ahead of us. “At the upcoming congress, our members should go out and elect a party man with solid antecedents,’’ the 2011 PDP governorship candidate said. He expressed the hope that the forthcoming congress would be conducted smoothly and peacefully. “This time around, the congress will not be aborted because all of us are conscious of the fact that we are getting closer to elections and we must have our state executive in place. “We cannot afford to have an aborted congress again. “Every stakeholder in the party should be forward looking and work towards a peaceful and successful congress,’’ Dosunmu added.  NAN The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Lagos State, says its Chairman, Dr Dominic Agboola has died of COVID-19 related ailments. Lagos PDP Publicity Secretary, Mr Taofik Gani, broke the news in a statement on Wednesday in Lagos. Gani said the late senior medical practitioner, had been an exceptional politician, who… In "News" Kazeem Akande Lagos - The Lagos State Action Democratic Party(ADP) governorship candidate in 2019 election, Mr Babatunde Gbadamosi, has rejoined the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). The News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) reports that the ADP governorship candidate,along with his deputy governorship candidate, Mrs Abibat Adeosun, formally defected to the PDP at… In "Politics" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The National Chairman of All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole, has described the forthcoming Osun State governorship election as a walk-over for the party, saying it is confident to emerge victorious. https://youtu.be/A_pen-6dpIs Oshiohmole told State House correspondents after a closed door meeting with President Muhammadu… In "Politics"