The Chief of Defence Simulation, Armed Forces Simulation Centre, Jaji, Kaduna State, Maj.-Gen. Adeyemi Adetayo, has described training as the bedrock of any standing army.  Adetayo stated this on Saturday in Kaduna at the Commandant Luncheon of the Nigeria Defence Academy (NDA) in honour of the passing out of 295 cadets enrolled in the Short Service Course 47 of the Nigerian Army.He charged the cadets to be disciplined and submissive to all instructions given to them by appropriate superior authorities.He also enjoined them to be humble, diligent and have the zeal to achieve whatever objective they set for themselves.Earlier, the Commandant of the Academy, Maj.-Gen. Ibrahim Yusuf, reminded the cadets of the need to be ready to defend the territorial integrity of Nigeria with their sweat and blood upon their commissioning.He enjoined them to be open minded in learning on the job and to always ask their superiors questions on anything they did not understand.The commandant noted that for the cadets to be successful in life, they should imbibe the habit of giving back to their parents, guardians and siblings which, according to him, entailed earning their goodwill.He also implored the cadets to avoid engaging in acts capable of bringing shame and embarrassment to themselves and their families.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that two of the 295 cadets are Liberians and will all be commissioned on Feb. 26.  (NAN) By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Commandant of the Nigerian Defence Academy (NDA), Maj. Gen. Ibrahim Manu Yusuf, has rated cadets high for the level of training received at the on going Camp Highland in Jos Shere Hills Plateau State. The Academy boss said he is highly satisfied… In "Top Stories" Maj.-Gen Sagir Yaro, has officially assumed duty as the 30th Commandant of the Nigerian Defence Academy (NDA) on Wednesday in Kaduna State.The Academy Public Relations Officer, Major Bashir Jagira made this known in a statement issued on Thursday in Kaduna.Jagira said Yaro took over from Maj.-Gen Jamil Sarham, who is… In "News" The Nigerian Army has just released the postings and appointments of the senior officers recently promoted. The posting, which was approved by the Chief of Army Staff Lt Gen T.Y Buratai, is a routine exercise carried out to reinvigorate the system for greater professional effectiveness/efficiency. In a statement by Colonel… In "Top Stories"