LAGOS – An Air Force officer (name withheld) is currently in custody as the provost unit of the Air Force Base Command, Ikeja, Lagos, investigates a case of alleged sexual abuse of a teenage maid at the Air Force Barracks. It was learnt that every morning, when his wife and children leave for work and school respectively, the officer would sneak home and rape the maid. However, trouble started when the 15-year-old victim told a neighbour about her ordeal in the hands of the suspect. Sequel to the disclosure, Advocates for Children and Vulnerable Persons Network, reported the issue to Air Force Base Gender/Legal team, which immediately initiated investigation. According to the 15-year-old victim, officer “comes back home at break time to have sex with me. He uses condom when perpetrating the act. He has sex with me in the evening and in the night, when no one is watching.” The victim also revealed that the officer started abusing her when she was 13. It was gathered that the officer, who is currently in custody, didn’t deny the victim’s claim. According to the coordinator, Advocates for Children and Vulnerable Persons Network, Ebenezer Omejalile, “the child protection Unit CPU Lagos State Ministry of Youth and Social Development, Alausa, Ikeja, has been duly notified. “The victim has been rescued and is in protective custody. She is undergoing series of medical examinations due to the series of abuse she suffered. We urge that the prosecutor be tried by the Law and not be given an Air Force trial.,” he said. (Vanguard) Funke Elizabeth Ijaiyekunle, an ex-banker, is one of activists striving hard to wipe out the stigma of rape. She herself was raped at age 16 when she could not defend herself in the hand of a well trusted neighbour who she has known all her life. Standing tall as a… In "News" An engineer, Adewunmi Lawal, has reportedly gone into hiding after allegedly raping a neighbour’s daughter in Itele, Ado-Odo/Ota Local Government Area of Ogun State. PUNCH Metro gathered that the victim’s mother, who is a widow, left her and her three siblings at home and went to Badagry in Lagos State… In "News" Late March 2020, Ali aka Abu Ibrahim stirred from the transient darkness of sleep into the eternal dawn of his demise. Ummi Ibrahim, his wife, had gotten up to prepare pap for sale, when she heard a noise outside their apartment on Fadipe Street, Clem road, Ijaiye-Ojokoro. Curious, she ventured… In "News"