European Union and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) have withdrawn their support for a project in Kosovo with historical links to the Nazi era. Their contributions to renovation work on a historic building in the Kosovar town of Mitrovica have been stopped, the organizations said in a joint statement.The house, a unique example of European modernism dating back to the 1930s, was set to be turned into a cultural and community centre.The project was controversial because a former owner of the house, the late politician Xhafer Deva, made a name for himself as a collaborator with German occupiers in the Balkans during World War II.Deva was also a founder of the SS division Skanderbeg, which recruited Albanians.“UNDP and the European Union express our strong regret for any unintentional offence caused when announcing the initiating of works while omitting the historical background of Xhafer Deva,” the statement reads.Kosovo’s Culture Minister Hajrulla Ceku did not share the EU and UN’s concerns about the Deva house.“We do not indulge in historical revisionism and do not rehabilitate historical figures,” he announced in Pristina.He said the criticism could be traced back to “unnecessary noise” out of neighbouring Serbia, which did not recognize the state of Kosovo.  NAN Brussels  -   says it is a wrong time for the European Union to grant visa-free access to citizens of Georgia, Ukraine and Kosovo. French Interior Minister, Bernard Cazeneuve, says the decision dampens the countries' hopes of achieving the sought-after benefit in the coming months. "This subject cannot be dealt… In "Foreign" Berlin - Germany is mulling cuts in cash handouts to newly arriving refugees, a spokesman said Friday, amid growing debate about how to provide for hundreds of thousands of arrivals this year. Berlin has been sending the message that it would be hospitable to Syrians, Iraqis and Eritreans fleeing war,… In "Foreign" United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), helps developing countries attract and use aid effectively. In all our activities, we encourage the protection of human rights, capacity development and the empowerment of women. We are recruiting to fill the vacant position below: Job Title: National Expert - Early Warning and Early Response… In "Education"