The National Pension Commission (PenCom) said that the total pension assets transferred amongst  Pension Fund Administrators (PFAs) as at June 2021, were valued at about N 47.8 billion .This is contained in a bulletin published by the commission on its social handles and obtained by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos on Thursday.PenCom stated that it recorded a total of 12,681 Retirement Savings Account (RSA)  transfer requests in the first quarter of 2021, which ended on March 31, 2021 .The commission noted that this figure more than quadrupled the figure recorded in the maiden transfer quarter which ended on Dec. 31, 2020, with a total number of 2,799  RSAs.” A consistent upward trend is still expected as RSA holders continue to realise the ease with which they can initiate the transfer of the RSA’s , ” it said.According to the commission , healthy competition and improved service delivery are anticipated in the pension industry with this development .It said, ” this was a result of RSA holders now having the right to determine which PFA manages their pension contributions and retirement benefits .” The commission had ensured that the requirements for initiating RSA transfers are minimal .”NAN reports that the RSA Transfer System (RTS), also known as,” Transfer Window,” was launched on Nov. 16, 2020.The development made way for the full implementation of one of the key features of the Contributory Pension Scheme (CPS), which is, ” the portability of RSA’s”. ABUJA - The National Pension Commission (PenCom) said the membership of the contributory pension scheme had increased from 6.09 million in first quarter to 6.19 million in second quarter of 2014. This is contained in the commission’s quarterly report obtained by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday in… In "Business" Only 9,103,653 workers had Retirement Savings Accounts with Pension Fund Administrators as of the end of August.   The National Pension Commission disclosed this in its ‘Total RSA registrations as at 31 August 2020’ latest report obtained from on Friday.   PenCom also said in its second quarter report, “The… In "News" (Sundiata Post) – Nigeria’s N6.5 trillion Pension Funds Industry is set to adopt International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), for preparing its financial statements, a move fraught with risk and benefits. Nigeria’s Pensions regulator PenCom and its Financial Reporting Council (FRC) has told Pension Fund Administrators (PFAs) that 2017 shall… In "News"