The Police in Lagos on Wednesday arraigned a 43-year-old man, Emetu Akachukwu, on alleged malicious damage of property valued at N94,800 and threat to life.  Akachukwu, whose address is unknown, is being arraigned on a two-count charge of malicious damage and threat to live. The Prosecution Counsel, Insp. Ayodele Adeosun, told the court that the defendant committed the offences in July 2021 at No 1 Sunkanmi Street, Ishashi area of Lagos. Adeosun said that the defendant internationally damaged one black watr tank valued at N45,000, 11 empty cartoons of beer valued at N16500, one water tap valued at N4,500. He further said that the defendant damaged full-loaded water valued at N3,800 and mini bus windscreen worth N25,000. He said the property belonged to one Emmanuel Ukwu. “The defendant also threatened to kill the complainant and his family with cutlass,” he said. He said that the offences contravened the provision of Sections 350 and 56 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015. The defendant pleaded not guilty to the charges. The Chief Magistrate, Mr Lazarus Hotepo, admitted the defendant to bail in the sum of N50,000 with two sureties in like sum. The Magistrate adjourned the case until March 24, for mention.  NAN By Raji Rasak Badagry - The police on Monday arraigned an applicant, Olanrewaju Olasunkanmi, in a Badagry Magistrates’ Court, Lagos State for assaulting a staff of Eko Electricity Distribution Company (EKEDC) while on  duty. Olasunkanm, 25, of no fixed address, is charged with three counts of malicious damage, assault and… In "Metro" By Raji Rasak Badagry (Lagos State) - 36-year-old Wale Adam on Wednesday appeared before a Badagry Chief Magistrates’ Court in Lagos State over alleged theft, assault and malicious damage against three persons in Badagry.Adam, whose address was not provided in the charge sheet, is facing a one-count charge of stealing,… In "Metro" By Chinyere Omeire Lagos - A 26-year-old man Matthew Edet, was on Tuesday arraigned in an Igbosere Magistrates’ Court, Lagos, for allegedly burgling his employer’s house and stealing property worth N14.5 million. The defendant whose residential address was not given, is facing trial on a 20-count charge, bordering on conspiracy,… In "Metro"