Business magnate, Obi Cubana has congratulated the Lagos hawker, Ekuma Jeremiah Ozoigbo over the successful reinstatement of his admission into Ebonyi State University (EBSU). Ekuma Jeremiah is the young hawker, who was caught on camera in Ajah area of Lagos giving money to inmates in the Correctional Service van in January. Jeremiah, in an interview after his humanitarian act which earned him commendations from many Nigerians, revealed he was a student of EBSU, Faculty of Law until things became extremely difficult that he couldn’t pay his school fees anymore so, he had to drop out. “I am Ekuma Jeremiah Iziogo. I am 26 years old. I used to be a student of Ebonyi State University, faculty of law but dropped out due to lack of money,” he said. The Nation had reported that Obi Cubana, during an Instagram live interview hosted by Ifedayo Olarinde, aka Daddy Freeze, offered to sponsor the hawker’s tertiary education in any institution of his choice. On his Instagram page, the now reinstated student of EBSU, Jeremiah made this known as he appreciated Obi Cubana, Daddy Freeze and Rocky.He described them as three wonderful men sent to him by God while he informed everyone he’ll be resuming back to school soon. He shared a photo with the three men and individual photos of them with the caption: “Special APPRECIATION POST FOR THESE 3 WONDERFUL MEN GOD SENT TO ME @obi_cubana@daddyfreeze@rockyemmyphotography My Admission at EBSU Have been REINSTATED, SO I WILL BE RESUMING BACK TO SCHOOL SOON##. Really!!!! What GOD CANNOT DO DOES NOT EXIST.” The 26-year-old also shared a video while in the Vice Chancellor’s office with the Dean of Students’ Affairs present. He indulged everyone to thank his benefactors yet again and captioned post: “With the DEAN OF STUDENTS AFFAIRS @EBSU THANK YOU. ONCE AGAIN HELP ME THANK @obi_cubana and @daddyfreeze, @rockyemmyphotography for this. “My Admission at EBSU Have been REINSTATED SO I WILL BE RESUMING BACK TO SCHOOL SOON.” Under the comment section, the Cubana Group Chairman wrote: “Congratulations Jerry.”   •Obi Cubana, Jeremiah, and Daddy Freeze Businessman and socialite, Obi Iyiegbu, popularly known as Obi Cubana, kept to his promise as he has offered a letter of scholarship to Jeremiah Ekumah. Earlier last week, Ekuma, a young hawker, was caught on camera in the Ajah area of Lagos, giving money… In "Entertainment" In what will come across as a really heartwarming development, luck has found Ekuma Jeremiah, the young hawker, who was caught on camera in the Ajah area of Lagos, earlier in the week, giving money to persons who were being transported to prison in a Nigerian Correctional Service van. This… In "News" Obi Iyiegbu, the Nigerian entrepreneur and socialite, popularly known as Obi Cubana, was said to have recently spent some time in the office of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency for questioning over his alleged ties to some drug traffickers. In an interview with media personality, Ifedayo Olarinde, aka Daddy… In "News"