By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Youth Leader of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Plateau Northern Senatorial Zone, John Mark Pam said the party has began the mobilization of youths across the state in preparation for the 2023 General Elections. He noted that the zone has scheduled series of activities which includes political summit, creation of awareness on voter’s registration and mobilization of youths ahead of February 26 bye-election for Jos North/Bassa Federal Constituency. Pam disclosed this on Wednesday during an interactive session with Journalists at the PDP Northern Zone office, in Bukuru, Jos, Plateau State. He explained that the media plays a pivotal role in political mobilization and said Plateau North, the strong hold of PDP in the state would leverage on the media to sensitized its people, particularly on the ongoing voter’s registration and the new polling units created by INEC. “The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has been repositioned across the country to take over power from the National down to the state levels across Nigeria and we have preview knowledge of the fact that the media will play a critical role in actualize in this dream. “being aware about the reality, different media organizations inform the electorate about the turn out of events in Nigeria and the world at large. The media set the political agenda on rebranding our nation from the current economic turbulence, insecurity and social cohesion which suggest new government with fresh ideas to salvage the situation. “It is only the PDP that has the political will with credible and intellectual sound minded people who will salvage Nigeria from the current political quagmire.” He explained that youths from Plateau Northern have resolved to work assiduously with all candidates that would emerged from the party with the aim of returning PDP to power on 2023. Pam noted that the zone would make credible use of the media including Facebook, YouTube, WhatsApp, FB messenger and WeChat to galvanize and deepen the support of the party ahead of the 2023 elections. He explained that the party would provide a level playing ground for all members of the party during the party primaries for the Jos North/Bassa Federal Constituency bye-election and would support whoever emerges as prelude to 2023. JOS (Sundiata Post) - There is palpable anger in political circles in Plateau State, especially in the two major political parties, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the All Progressives Congress over a statement by Jonah Jang, former Governor and  senator representing Plateau North senatorial zone, who said that the… In "Local News" Jos- The Senate President, Sen. David Mark, on Monday described the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) as ``dynamic and youth-oriented’’. Mark, while addressing the PDP presidential rally in Jos, said that the party had encouraged youth leadership as exemplified in the nomination of young people as its candidates for the February… In "News" By Martha Nyam   Jos -  The Plateau chapter of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), on Friday inaugurated its Campaign Council with its governorship candidate, Sen. Jeremiah Useni, vowing to unseat Gov. Simon Lalong in 2019. Useni, in a speech at the ceremony held in Jos, said that his goal… In "Politics"