By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has referred President Muhammadu Buhari’s request to confirm 19 nominees as Resident Electoral Commissioners (RECs) for the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to its Committee on Electoral Matters.Those for screening include: Ibrahim Abdullahi (Adamawa – Renewal); Obo O. Effanga (Cross River – Renewal); Alh. Umar Ibrahim (Taraba – Renewal); Dr. Agboke Mutiu Olaleke (Ogun – Renewal); and Prof. Samuel E. Egwu (Kogi – Renewal).Others are: Onyeka Pauline Ugochi (Imo); Prof. Muhammad Lawal Bashir (Sokoto); Prof. Ayobami Salami (Oyo); Amb. Zango Abdussamadu Abdu (Katsina); Mrs. Queen Elizabeth Agwu (Ebonyi); and Dr. Agundu Oliver Tersoo (Benue).Also to be screened by the Electoral Matters Committee are: Yomere Gabriel Oritsemlebi (Delta); Prof. Yahaya Makarfi Ibrahim (Kaduna); Dr. Nura Ali (Kano); Agu Sylvia Uchenna (Enugu); Ahmed Yushau Garki (FCT); Barr. Hudu Yunusa (Bauchi); Prof. Uzochukwu Ikemefuna Chijioke (Anambra); and Mohammed B. Nura (Yobe).The upper chamber also referred the President’s request to confirm Dr. Suleman Agha Afikpo as Commissioner South East zone at the National Hajj Commission of Nigeria to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.  Also referred was a third request to confirm four nominees as Non-Executive Directors of the Board of the Central Bank of Nigeria. The request was sent to the Committee on Banking, Insurance and Other Financial Institution. The nominees to appear before the panel for screening are: Prof. Mike Idiahi Obadan (South South); Prof. Justitia Odinakachukwu Nnabuko (South East); Prof. Ummu Ahmed Jalingo (North East); and Mr. Adeola Adetunji (South West). The three Committees were all given two weeks to screen the nominees and submit their reports to the upper chamber. By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari has written the Senate to confirm 19 nominees as Resident Electoral Commissioners for the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). The confirmation request to the upper chamber was contained in a letter dated 25th July, 2022.The letter was read at plenary by… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has confirmed the nomination of Dr. Hale Gabriel Longpet (Plateau) as Resident Electoral Commissioner for the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC).  Longpet’s confirmation followed the consideration of a report by the Committee on Electoral Matters.  Chairman of the Committee, Senator Kabiru… In "Top Stories" By SHUAIB SADIQ •Alhaji Dauda Lawal GUSAU- Alhaji Dauda Lawal, has won the Zamfara Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) governorship ticket for 2023 general elections.Mr Adamu Maina, the Returning Officer for the primaries declared the result in Gusau, saying that Lawal polled 431 votes to win the ticket.Maina said Dr Ibrahim… In "Politics"