By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The All Progressives Congress (APC) and the governor of Kaduna State, Mallam Nasir El’rufai cannot hide their panicking condition over the rising profile and wave of acceptability of Labour Party’s President and Vice Presidential candidates, Peter Obi and Baba Ahmed respectively as they have instructed that the Nigerian youths be denies access to the Arewa House for the OBI/Baba Ahmed Northern Summit. The Summit would now hold at Nigerian Union of Teachers (NUT) Hall, Kaduna. Sundiata Post recalls that the OBI/Baba Ahmed Northern Summit was scheduled to hold at Arewa House in Kaduna State today and indeed other parts of the country as part of program to mark the birthday of the Peter Obi, the presidential candidate of the Labour Party. Disclosing this via his twitter handle and announcing the new venue, Mr Harry, via his twitter handle @idorenyi_h tweeted this: “Change of venue!!We regret to inform d public that Gov. Kaduna state, @elrufai has instructed that we b denied access in using our original venue, #ArewaHouse.d new venue 4 d Northern Summit powered by #POSN is now #NUTHall,Kaduna.It’s obvious they are in panic.” Recall that the Obi Movement which is raging like a wild fire across the country regardless of religious, ethnic, tribal and man-made boundaries is powered by Nigerian youths who are fade up with the old order, excruciating hardship and primitive acquisition of common patrimony by few elites and have decided to take their destiny on their hands. Mr. Peter Obi and Dr Yusuf Datti Baba-Ahmed today, Friday in Abuja The unveiling of Dr Datti Baba-Ahmed as Mr Peter Obi’s running mate •Mr Peter Obi (right), Labour Party presidential candidate and his running mate, Dr Yusuf Datti Baba-Ahmed on Friday in Abuja Senator Datti Baba-Ahmed being congratulated by… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Founder of Baze University, Abuja, Senator Yusuf Datti Baba-Ahmed has emerged Labour Party's vice presidential candidate for the 2023 election and will be officially unveiled on Friday. An impeccable source within the Labour Pary hierarchy said Baba-Ahmed finally made up his mind after… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Doyin Okupe, the Director-General of Mr Peter Obi's Presidential Campaign Organisation has formally resigned his holder's position as the running mate to the Labour Party Presidential candidate. Dr Okupe tendered his resignation letter on Thursday to pave way for the presentation of Yusuf… In "Top Stories"