….Says “I Can’t Argue For Equity In My State And Defend Inequity In My Country.” By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, Prince Tonye Princewill has resigned his membership of the APC, saying, “he cannot defend the decision of his party, in fielding a Muslim Muslim ticket, especially at a time like this, against all protestations from well meaning Nigerians, across religious and political divides. It sets a very wrong precedent; it is totally insensitive and even if you win, will prove bad for good governance. Under these dire circumstances, I find no justification to still remain, in good conscience, a member of a political party that subordinates electoral victory, OVER the safety of lives and the peace of mind of its citizens.” According to him, “While I appreciate my leader Rt Hon Rotimi Amaechi and all his efforts, I cannot defend the decision of my party, in fielding a Muslim Muslim ticket, especially at a time like this, against all protestations from well meaning Nigerians, across religious and political divides. It sets a very wrong precedent; it is totally insensitive and even if you win, will prove bad for good governance. Under these dire circumstances, I find no justification to still remain, in good conscience, a member of a political party that subordinates electoral victory, OVER the safety of lives and the peace of mind of its citizens.” “The men and women of our party here in Rivers are the most loyal and faithful supporters I have met. They know right and they know wrong. And they know me. I enjoyed working with them and I’m so sad to leave. But an APC party that totally disregards the basics of the same equity we preach, is alien to me. Buhari resisted the same temptation and chose a little known Osinbajo and won. By doing this, Tinubu is saying that a Northern Christian has no electoral value. My staying means I agree. “I wish you well. And I remain grateful to our Leader, but I cannot defend the indefensible. And to be totally honest, neither should you.” ABUJA - The decision of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, presidential candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in the 2023 election to run a Muslim-Muslim ticket appears to be causing ripples in the party as Daniel H. Bwala, the party’s national legal adviser, has resigned from APC in protest.… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senator representing Adamawa North, Ishaku Abbo has blasted the blasted All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate Bola Ahmed Tinubu for picking a Muslim as his running mate, describing action as very irresponsible. Mr Abbo has since resigned his membership of a His support group over the… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The All Progressives Congress governors on Monday  at a meeting with President, Muhammadu Buhari expressed reservation over the manner the party’s presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu, handled the selection of his running mate, Senator Kashim Shettima.The PUNCH gathered that it took the intervention of the President to… In "Top Stories"