By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE ABUJA- The All Progressives Congress (APC) Professionals’ Forum has promised to galvanise professionals within and outside the country to support the Tinubu/Shettima presidential ticket for a resounding election victory in 2023.Dr Nkem Okeke, the forum’s Board of Trustees (BoT) Acting Chairman made the promise in a statement on Monday, in Abuja while congratulating Sen. Kashim Shettima on his nomination as APC’s Vice-Presidential candidateThe News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalla  that Sen. Bola Tinubu, APC’s 2023 presidential candidate on Saturday in Daura, Katsina State,  announced Shettima, a Muslim as his running mate.Tinubu, also a former two-term governor of Lagos State and one of the leaders of the APC, had gone to Daura to pay Sallah homage on President Muhammadu Buhari.Shettima a former two-term governor of Borno, is currently representing Borno Central in the National Assembly.Okeke described Shettima as a team player with capacity to add value to the upward trajectory of any progressive government.“The APC Professionals’ Forum, dedicated to promoting professionalism, competence, and good governance in politics, welcomes your choice as a statement of good intentions for our dear nation.“Sen. Shettima is a patriotic, loyal, experienced, competent and team player with the capacity to add value to the upward trajectory of any progressive government,” Okeke said.He added that Shettima’s experiences as an academia, banker and public servant would be an added advantage to the forum’s collective quest as professionals within the APC to advocate for round pegs in round holes.He expressed optimism that Shettima would help the party and its presidential candidate in sustainable deliverance of good governance to Nigerians.Okeke also congratulated Tinubu for choosing a competent and visionary running mate to complement his capacity as the country’s next president in 2023 with the support of the electorate.“At this juncture, the forum will galvanise all professionals to support this team for a resounding victory in the forthcoming elections.“The forum wishes our party’s presidential and vice presidential candidates victory in the coming general elections,” Okeke who was a former deputy governor of Anambra said. (NAN) By YAKUBU UBA Governor Babagana Zulum MAIDUGURI- Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno says Bola Tinubu, the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, made the “wisest choice” by choosing Sen. Kashim Shettima as his running mate.Tinubu, the Presidential Candidate of the party for the 2023 election, on Sunday announced Shettima as his… In "Politics" By ISMAILA CHAFE President Muhammadu Buhari and Senator Bola Ahmed Tinubu ABUJA- The All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Candidate for the 2023 General Elections, Sen. Bola Tinubu, has officially announced former Gov.  Kashim Shettima of Borno as his running mate.Tinubu made the announcement on Sunday while briefing journalists after a… In "Politics" •Borno Governor Prof. Babagana Zulum MAIDUGIRI - Borno State Governor, Prof. Babagana Zulum, has described the choice of his predecessor, Kashim Shettima, on Sunday, as the Vice Presidential Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) as the wisest decision by the presidential flag bearer of the party, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu.… In "Politics"