Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Defence Headquarters (DHQ) has accused a former Minister of Aviation Femi Fani-Kayode of plotting to create rivalry and disaffection among agencies of government who have been collaborating against the insecurity bedeviling the nation. It said the former Minister’s wild and unsubstantiated allegations against the Armed Forces following the Kuje Prison invasion is deliberate falsehood intended to mislead the public. Also a pro-democracy group the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) cautioned Fani-Kayode against ‘unguarded’ utterances that could escalate the security challenges in the country. The DHQ in a statement signed by Major General Jimmy Akpor, Director Defence Information, said: “The attention of the Defence Headquarters has been drawn to a video produced by Mr Femi Fani-Kayode, wherein he made wild and unsubstantiated allegations against the Armed Forces of Nigeria, regarding the recent spate of terrorist attacks particularly, the attack of the prison in Kuje – Abuja on 5 July 2022. “Ordinarily the video and its maker would have been ignored, considering the antecedents of the person behind it as a known Rabble-Rouser. However, in the interest of members of the public who might be misled by the deliberate falsehood and the sensibilities of service personnel and their families who have been paying dearly to keep Nigerians safe, it has become urgent to respond to the video currently circulating in the social media”. It continued: “Among other allegations, Mr Femi Fani-Kayode claimed that the Department of State Security (DSS) informed the military about the impending attack on Kuje Custodial Centre and even the previous attack on the Kaduna – Abuja rail service. He also claimed that soldiers were withdrawn shortly before the prison attack. In all these allegations, Mr Kayode is merely playing to the gallery. “He is not in any position to know whether the DSS notified the military of any attack or not. It may not be impossible that such a claim is part of a calculated attempt to cause division and rivalry amongst all Government Agencies that have been working collaboratively in addressing issues of insecurity in the country. “The claim that soldiers were withdrawn from the Kuje Correctional Custodial Centre before the attack is laughable. It is sad that Mr Kayode is ignorant of whose responsibility it to guard prison. “Mr Femi Kayode further claimed that the military took no action on the recent Shiroro terrorists’ attack, which resulted in the unfortunate death of some soldiers, some policemen and members of the public. This is also an attempt to smear the military and create bad blood between service personnel and the military high command. “A despicable statement that dishonors the sacrifices of the gallant officers and soldiers that paid the supreme price whilst responding in defence of the civilians and the mining community. What a shame! Mr Kayode is encouraged to pay more attention to the weekly briefs by Defence Media Operations. Defence Media Operations gives weekly briefs/updates on operations being conducted across the country; press releases on military operations are also made when the need arises. “Mr Fani-Kayode is also called to refresh himself on the constitutional roles of the Armed Forces of Nigeria. In all, subordination to civil authority, is key. It is pertinent to state that, the Nigerian Armed Forces has toiled to sustain and nurture our democracy, hence the same military cannot contemplate a coup de tat, as alluded to by Mr Kayode in his video. “The Chief of Defence Staff, Gen Lucky Irabor has always stressed the unalloyed loyalty of the Armed Forces of Nigeria to the President, Commander-in-Chief and the Nigerian Constitution. Accordingly, as the 2023 General Elections approach, desperate persons must depart from their evil ways, for never again would they lure the military into their wicked machinations. If a confession must be made, Nigerians must know now: the military is always the worse victim of military rule. “Finally, in a miserable attempt to malign the leadership of the military, Mr Kayode gave the impression that, while junior military commanders and non-commissioned officers are working hard, senior commanders are doing nothing. This is sheer ignorance and nothing more. Mr Kayode is completely oblivious of the fact that in the military, orders, instructions and directives are issued from the hierarchy to the lower rungs of command. Therefore, junior commanders cannot be working hard while their superiors are idle. “This is indeed a difficult time for the Armed Forces of Nigeria and Nigerians as a whole. It is not time for attention-seeking individuals to cause needless distractions. Members of the public are therefore urged to ignore Mr Femi Fani-Kayode and continue to remain vigilant and report suspicious activities promptly to law enforcement agencies”. Meanwhile, the NDA in a statement signed by NDA’s Secretary, Biodun Olajumoke, argued that rather than proffer solution to the security challenges, the video by Fani-Kayode “smacks of deliberate efforts to cause more confusion and heighten tension in the polity” It read, “FFK and his likes who are in the habit of jumping from one party to the other are indeed the real culprits that want to truncate our nascent democracy. “Is FFK not aware that political tension is one of the causes of the security challenges? Instead of staying in one place and stabilize the nation they change party like wrapper causing political tension in the country and later come to blame the military. “What are his motives of trying to instigate our young soldiers & junior officers against the leadership of the AFN? “Maybe they are angry that the Armed Forces has continued to remain loyal to the Constitution and President Muhammadu Buhari. “We, NDA, urge FFK and his group to proffer genuine solutions to the crisis. Our military, both the young soldiers, junior officers and the senior officers have been victims of the security challenges. What we need now is to support them defeat the enemies of the country and not castigate or instigate them against each other”. (Nation) By TAIYE AGBAJE ABUJA- The absence of Justice Obiora Egwuatu of a Federal High Court, Abuja has stalled the hearing in a suit filed by a former senator, Mrs Grace Bent against Precious Chikwendu, ex-wife of former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode.The matter, which was on number 12 on the day’s cause list, could not… In "News" Kuje Prison after the attack ABUJA - The Islamic State in West Africa Province (ISWAP) has claimed responsibility for the attack on Kuje Prison in Abuja. Terrorists had broken into the prison, on Tuesday night, and released over 800 inmates, including high-profile suspects. In a footage on Wednesday night, the… In "Top Stories" By WANDOO SOMBO Femi Fani Kayode ABUJA- The trial of former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode could not go on at the Federal High Court Abuja on Monday due to the absence of his lead counsel, Mr Ahmed Raji, SAN.At the resumed hearing, the Prosecution Counsel, Mr Farouk Abdullah told the… In "News"