By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – A Construction company PW has been accused of building and expanding its space on a waterway leading to the collapse of a building housing a widow and her five children. The collapse of the building was as a result of a heavy rain that fell in Jos on Saturday afternoon, bringing some houses down as water was forced to overflow causing flooding as it tried to find its way due to lack of proper drainage. Speaking after the disaster, a resident narrated to our correspondent how several appeals were made to the construction company to construct alternative drainage to ease flow of water. The resident who does not want his name on print explained how the neighborhood has suffered over the years from the blocked drainage by the construction company PW. “All the houses that share a fence with the construction company have all collapsed because PW refused to build drainages. We have pleaded with them to build alternative drainage to allow water to have its way but the construction company will do nothing about it. “Now with this heavy rain buildings including that of a widow with five children have been destroyed. “The building of the widow collapsed and it took only the grace of God that the widow survived. “The widow who bred birds lost all her chickens numbering over 200. “When the neighborhood approached PW the soldiers stationed at the gate will chase them away”, the resident said. He wondered how a construction company in the state for over four decades will not construct a drainage for its host community, rather it expands its company building on an existing drainage to stall water from having its way. By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A Billionaire businessman in the Pipe manufacturing industry has called for the arrest of Security personnel that manhandled a popular Onitsha-based pastor, Chukwuemeka Odumeje, who is c known as ‘Indaboski Bahose and Liquid Metal'. The businessman, Amb. Nelson Mkparu, who was planning to… In "Top Stories" By Chimezie Anaso •Governor. Chukwuma Soludo Awka- Gov. Chukwuma Soludo of Anambra has declared a state of emergency on infrastructure, especially roads, in the state.Soludo made the declaration on Wednesday in Awka during a town hall meeting with traditional rulers, presidents-general of communities, youths and women groups.He said the government… In "Security" Inspite of having few months left in his tenure in office, President Muhammadu Buhar will not relent in his commitment to delivering on quality projects, according to the Buhari Media Organisation (BMO). In a statement signed by its Chairman Niyi Akinsiju and Secretary Cassidy Madueke, the group described the latest… In "News"