Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Kinsmen of a former Deputy Senate President, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, have demanded that due process be followed in his ongoing trial over alleged organ harvesting in the United Kingdom. The News Agency of Nigeria reported that the group, under the auspices of Ikeoha Mpu Pacesetters League, made the call in a statement on Thursday in Enugu by its Coordinating Chairman, Mr Chijioke Ezekwe. Ezekwe also called on the Federal Government, African sub-regional institutions and the Igbo community to ensure justice in the matter. Ekweremadu and his wife, Beatrice, were arrested last week by the Metropolitan Police in London for alleged conspiracy to harvest the organ of a minor, Nwamini David. Though David claimed to be 15 years old, the Nigeria Immigration Service has clarified that the documents he presented for his passport application indicated that he is 21. However, Ezekwe said, “We, therefore, urge the Federal Government, ECOWAS, African Union , Nigerian Senate, Igbo communities both home and in the Diaspora to impress on the British authorities to ensure that due process is followed in carrying out their investigations on the case. Meanwhile, Ekweremadu, on Thursday, again appeared before the Uxbridge Magistrate Court in UK. His wife, Beatrice, was absent. The senator introduced himself and also confirmed his date of birth. The couple was initially billed to appear in court on July 7 but the case was brought forward to Thursday (yesterday) before it was again adjourned till July 7 to enable the UK Attorney General, Suella Braverman, to determine whether the case would be tried in the country or Nigeria. Reports said Ekweremadu was denied bail because he was considered a flight risk and due to the fact that the case involved a minor. This is seen as modern slavery. By MARTIN ROBINSON and JAMES ROBINSON LONDON - Nigerian Senator Ike Ekweremadu and his wife, Beatrice Nwanneka Ekweremadu today (Thursday) appeared in a London court accused of plotting to traffic a homeless child into the UK in order to harvest his organs. Ike Ekweremadu, a People's Democratic Party politician for… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Government of Ebonyi State has summoned the family of Mr. David Ukpo Nwamini, the alleged person at the centre of the Senator Ike Ekweremadu United Kingdom (UK) controversy, to a meeting at the Ebonyi State Government House, Abakaliki. In a statement signed by the Secretary… In "Top Stories" Former Deputy Senate President of Nigeria, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, and Beatrice, his wife, have been arrested in London. According to the Metropolitan Police, they were arrested and charged with bringing a child to the UK for organ harvesting. The child, whose identity was not disclosed, is reportedly with the Metropolitan… In "Top Stories"