By Kingsley Chukwuka Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Plateau State chapter of the Nigerian Hunters and Forest Security Services (NHFSS), has appointed the Plateau State Gubernatorial Candidate of the Labour Party Amb. Yohanna Margif as its Grand Patron. State Commander of the Nigerian Hunters and Forest Security Services, Amb. Dabat Nienmoup while presenting the certificate of confirmation to Margif as a Ground Patron of NHFSS at a brief Ceremony held in Jos on Sunday the honor is to appreciate his contributions and support to security development of the State as well as his Philanthropist works. He assured the Labour Party Governorship Candidate of their unflinching Support always. Responding, Margif promised to prioritize Security of lives and properties if elected Governor of the State. He explained that the State has had it’s own share of Insecurity Which has resulted in the loss of lives and properties, saying he has already developed security blueprint and strategies to collaborate with experts to ensure that Plateau is secured. By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Ambassador Yohnna Margif has clinched the Labour Party LP ticket to run for Governorship seat of Plateau State in the 2023 general elections. It would be recalled that Chief Margif who is the Wazirin Mushere was the Member of the APC and had… In "Top Stories" By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Labour Party Governorship Candidate in Plateau State, Amb. Yohana Margif has denied the rumors making the rounds that he is in talks with APC and PDP members who are approaching him to sell his governorship ticket for large sums of money. Margif… In "Top Stories" By Chijioke Kingsley Ahead of the 2023 governorship election in Plateau State, the Director-General of the Labour Party (LP), governorship Candidate Campaign Organization, Comrade Solomon Ndam, has said the party will shock Plateau just like ruling All Progressive Congress APC did in 2019. Ndam said the emergence of Amb. Yohana… In "Top Stories"