By EDEKI IGAFE WARRI- A Delta High Court sitting in WARRI has fined Mr Kenneth Gbagi, the Social Democratic Party (SDP) Governorship candidate in the state a sum of One million Naira for allegedly violating the fundamental human rights of Mr Victor Ephraim.The presiding judge, Justice Vera Agbodje, gave the order in a judgmenton Monday in Warri.Mr Kunle Edun, on behalf of the Claimant, (Ephraim) had filed a lawsuit No. EHC/FHR/80/2020 against Gbagi and his hotel, Signatious Hotel and Suites Limited as Respondents.The Claimant, an employee of Gbagi, had alleged that between Sept. 17 and 18, 2020, Gbagi used the Mobile policemen attached to him to forcefully strip him naked and dumped him inside the booth of his car and drove to his community.Ephraim said that while under the unlawful custody ofthe Respondent, he was tortured and dehumanised alongside three other female staff of the  hotel.He said that the female staff were also stripped naked and paraded publicly on the allegation that they failed to remit money paid by a hotel guest.The Claimant also stated that Gbagi collected their ATM cards and transfered all the money  in their bank accounts to the hotel’s account.Delivering judgment, Justice Agbodje held that the stories presented by Gbagi were false, concocted and not believable.The judge noted that Gbagi took laws into his own hands by torturing his ex staff and consequently awarded the sum of One million Naira against him and his hotel in favour of Ephraim.Responding to the judgment, Gbagi in a statement, said the judgment was a ploy by Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa’s led government to demarket him.“As a law abiding citizen, the expenditure of Okowa’s government to demarket me is a fruitless venture, waste of time and resources.“We have entered an appeal to set aside the “paid junk judgment” for a competent Court and the National Judicial Council to do justice to the procedure.“I urge my teeming growing supporters to ignore this Okowa’s paid judgment. You can not demarket what God has marketed,” Gbagi said. (NAN) Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta and his predecessor, Dr Emmanuel Uduaghan are among the dignitaries expected at the grand finale of the 2022 Press Week of Warri Correspondents’ Chapel of the Nigeria Union of Journalists(NUJ), Delta State Council. The Chairman of the Warri Correspondents’ Chapel, Mr Okies Okpomor, disclosed this in… In "News" FOUR former employees of Signatious Hotel, Warri, Delta State, who were reportedly stripped on the order of the chairman of the hotel and former Minister of State for Education, Mr Kenneth Gbagi, have demanded N1bn compensation and public apology from him. The victims’ legal team, led by Mr Kunle Edun… In "News" A Federal High Court in Abuja has restrained the Inspector-General of Police (IGP) and Delta State Police Commissioner (COP) from arresting or detaining ex-Minister of State for Education, Olorogun Kenneth Gbagi. Justice Taiwo Taiwo gave the order in suit FHC/ABJ/CS/1267/2020, following Gbagi’s ex parte application for the enforcement of his… In "News"