By OLUWAFEMI OJO AKURE- The Ondo State House of Assembly has screened and confirmed the appointment of the two commissioner-nominees submitted to it by Gov. Rotimi Akeredolu.The nominees were Mr Akinwumi Sowore and Prince Adeboboye Ologbese.Presenting the report of the House Selection Committee at the plenary session on Wednesday, the Vice Chairman of the Committee, Samuel Aderoboye noted that the two nominees possess the required experience and exposure to function as state commissioner.Aderoboye said that the nominees were also physically and mentally stable to function as members of the state executive council.After receiving the committee’s report, the House unanimously confirmed the nominees through voice vote.The Speaker of the House, Bamidele Oleyelogun commended Akeredolu for making the right choice .He advised the nominees to contribute their quota to the development of the state and the people.Sowore, who spoke on behalf of the newly appointed commissioners, pledged their loyalty to the governor and the people of the state.Oleyelogun also informed the House that over forty-four amendment bills had been forwarded to the House by the National Assembly.He said the bills would be committed to the Committee of the Whole House for proper scrutiny. (NAN) Governor Charles Soludo has submitted a list of 20 Commissioner nominees to the Anambra House of Assembly for approval. Speaker of the House, Uche Okafor, announced this at Tuesday’s plenary while reading a letter from Mr. Soludo dated March 28, the News Agency of Nigeria  (NAN) reports. Mr. Okafor said… In "News" Akure   -    The Ondo State House of Assembly has confirmed the 18 commissioner-nominees forwarded by Gov. Rotimi Akeredolu, according to the Speaker, Mr David Oleyelogun. Oleyelogun who doubles as the Chairman of the Selection Committee, said the nominees were confirmed after “ a thorough scrutiny”. The News Agency of Nigeria… In "News" Uyo - The Akwa Ibom House of Assembly has confirmed eight commissioner nominees sent to the House for confirmation by Gov. Udom Emmanuel.Confirming the nominees at plenary on Thursday in Uyo, the Speaker of the House, Mr Aniekan Bassey, said that the nominees had earlier been screened by the House… In "Politics"