By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan on Tuesday led a delegation of the Senate to Maiduguri, Borno State, to condole with Senator Mohammed Ali Ndume over the death of his father, Alhaji Ali Buba Ndume. This announced was contained in a statement signed by Special Adviser (Media) to President of the Senate, Ola Awoniyi made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja. Sundiata Post recalls that Alhaji Ali Buba Ndume died in Maiduguri Tuesday morning and was buried later same day. According to the statement, members of the delegation included Senator Yusuf Abubakar Yusuf, Senator Bello Mandiya, Senator Sahabi Ya’u, Senator Barau Jibrin and Senator Chukwuka Utazi. The Chief of Staff to the Senate President, Dr. Babagana M. Aji was also on the trip. The delegation met with Senator Ndume and members of his family at his residence along Damboa road, old GRA and offered prayers for Allah to accept the soul of the departed in Aljannah Firdaus and to comfort his loved ones.Responding to questions from journalists at Ndume’s residence, Lawan said: “I’m leading a delegation from the Senate of the Federal Republic of Nigeria and also Senator Ndume is our friend, our brother in addition to being a colleague. “Therefore, I am here in various capacities. This loss is ours. His father was our father. We had few occasions when we met our late father who was always full of wisdom. “I want to take this opportunity to commiserate with Distinguished Senator Mohammed Ali Ndume over this loss and his family and of course, the people and Government of Borno State at large. “As Muslim, we believe that every life will taste of death and we will all return to God and therefore our father has gone before us, we pray that Aljannah Firdaus will be his final abode. “On behalf of all our colleagues, the Distinguished Senators who accompanied me to Maiduguri and those who have given us their message of condolence, we condole, once again, with our friend, our brother and our colleague, Senator Ali Ndume over this irreparable loss. May his soul rest in Aljannah Firdaus.” By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, on Thursday, constituted a 13-member Adhoc Committee to investigate oil theft in Nigeria and its impact on petroleum production and oil revenues.  The composition of the panel was announced on the floor at plenary.  Lawan named Senator… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja(Sundiata Post) - The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has sent his condolences to the Chairman of Thisday Newspapers and Arise TV Group, Nduka Obaigbena, over the passage of his beloved mother, Princess Margaret Obaigbena. Lawan commiserates with members of the Royal Family of Owa Kingdom,… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -. The senate committee on foreign affairs is at the Westminster court in the UK for the trial of Ike Ekweremadu, former deputy president of the senate, who is involved in an “organ harvest” case. The London Metropolitan Police arrested and charged Ekweremadu, senator representing Enugu west,… In "Top Stories"