Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board has said that tertiary institutions in Nigeria were unable to conduct the 2021 admissions within the time frame due to constraints imposed by the COVID-19 pandemic. This is as the board noted that it would meet with institutions and other agencies to determine the 2022 admissions cut-off, among others, on Thursday, July 21, 2022. These were disclosed in the board’s weekly bulletin, which was made available to newsmen in Abuja on Monday. The bulletin read, “The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board has fixed Thursday, July 21, 2022, for the 2022 Policy Meeting and the third edition (2020) of the NATAP-M Awards. “The Minister of Education, Adamu Adamu, would chair the policy meeting as well as serve as the chief host of the NATAP-M Awards Ceremony. “The two events, which are scheduled to be held on the same day and place, will have in attendance heads of tertiary institutions, heads of regulatory agencies in the education sector, and other critical stakeholders such as Chairmen of the Committee on Education at the lower and upper chambers of the National Assembly.” According to the management of the board, the policy meeting, which is to kick-start the 2022 admission process into the nation’s tertiary institutions, will be held before the National Tertiary Admissions’ Performance-Merit Awards. The board added, “The policy meeting will discuss critical issues emanating from the presentation to be given by the Registrar, Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board, on the just-concluded 2022 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination, Direct Entry Applications, in addition to setting the tone for the 2022/2023 admission exercise. “The policy meeting is expected to chart policy directions for the nation’s tertiary institutions, set admission guidelines and present application statistics, candidates’ performance, as well as evaluate the 2021 admission exercise. The meeting, among other things, will take a stand on acceptable minimum admission standards to be applied in all admissions to be undertaken by all tertiary institutions.”(Punch) Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board is set to commence investigations into reported cases of extortions by some operators of Computer Based Test centres. The CBT centres were accused of overcharging candidates during registration for the 2022 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examinations and Direct Entry examinations. Our… In "Top Stories" Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has released the results of the Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) mock examinations conducted on April 9. Announcing the results in its weekly bulletin released on Monday in Abuja, the board said that candidates could now visit the board’s site to check their results.… In "Education" By FATIMA MOHAMMED-LAWAL Professor Is-haq Oloyede ILORIN- Prof. Is-haq Oloyede, the Registrar, Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), has said the ongoing national strike by Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) was unnecessary.Oloyede said this on Friday in Ilorin during the flag-off and presention of equipment, facilitated by JAMB, at… In "Education"