Abuja – President Muhammadu Buhari has congratulated the Federal Ministry of Transportation and the Nigerian Ports Authority on the successful berthing of the first ship at Lekki Deep Sea port. The vessel, ZHEN HUA 28, delivered three Ship to Shores (STS) and 10 Rubber Tyre Gantries (RTG) cranes that will help in the evacuation of cargoes from vessels to the shore. The president expressed his feelings in a statement issued by his spokesman, Mr Femi Adesina, on Saturday in Abuja. He also also congratulated all stakeholders in the maritime sector over the feat. Buhari recalled that his approval of four new seaports in the country, including the Lekki Deep Sea port, was hinged on growing the economy. According to him, the decision is also aimed at creating massive job opportunities, foreign investment inflows and trade facilitation. He commended the staff and management in the nation’s maritime sector who are working round the clock to make the operationalisation of Lekki Deep sea port before the end of the year a reality. The president reassured them of his commitment to sustain investments in these new assets. According to Buhari, the nation’s maritime and aquatic resources are critical to the livelihoods of Nigerians and Government will spare no effort in successfully harnessing the potential of the sector. (NAN) BY TONY IYARE Like many, I’m really excited at the gargantuan Dangote Refinery in Ibeju- Lekki, Lagos reputed as the second largest refinery project in the world. I share the great excitement of President, African Development Bank (AfDB), Dr Akinwunmi Adeshina, who recently visited the project with his team. Both… In "Social Media Feeds" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Frontline Presidential Aspirant, Rt Hon. Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi says his decision to run for the Presidency of Nigeria is borne out of the need to serve and provide selfless leadership to Nigerians Amaechi said considering his wealth of experience, he would be a… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Minister of Transportation, Rt Hon Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi has hailed President Muhammadu Buhari’s strides in the transportation sector as key to unlocking Nigeria’s economic development potentials. Amaechi said, linking different transportation infrastructure like rails to seaports and roads as is being done by… In "News"