By VICTOR NWACHUKWU OWERRI- The Chairman, Council of Elders of  Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide, Chief Emmanuel Iwuanyanwu, says that the Council remains solidly behind former Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu, detained in the United Kingdom.Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide is the apex socio-cultural organisation of the Igbo people.Iwuanyanwu said this in a release which he signed and made available to newsmen in Owerri, on Thursday.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Ekweremadu and his wife, Beatrice, are facing trial in a Westminster Court, in the United Kingdom for allegedly coercing a minor, identified as David Ukpo, to have his kidney harvested and transferred to the Senator’s daughter, Sonia.Iwuanyanwu, an elder statesman said the Ohanaeze Elders Council was determined to defend any honest and patriotic citizen whose right and freedom is being unduly trampled upon anywhere in the world.He described Ekweremadu as a very active member of the Organisation, adding that the news about his arrest and that of his wife in far away London was received with shock. He urged the Westminster authorities to strive for justice while expressing delight that  the true story about the predicament of the embattled former Deputy Senate President and his wife had began to emerge. “We do not have any doubt whatsoever that the truth will soon emerge and our son and his wife will be vindicated. “We wish to express our solidarity to a  dear colleague and friend during this trying period,” he said.He however, prayed God to grant divine healing to the ailing daughter of Ekweremadu, Sonia. (NAN) LONDON - Dr Ike Ekweremadu, former Deputy Senate President, and his wife, Beatrice, have been arrested and detained by the Specialist Crime Team of the Metropolitan Police in London. According to Sky News, the two suspects were arrested for alleged conspiracy to harvest the organs of a child. But the… In "Top Stories" LONDON - The Uxbridge Magistrate Court  has denied Nigeria's former deputy senate president, Ike Ekweremadu and his wife, Beatrice Nwanneka Ekweremadu bail. Both husband and wife will remain in custody till 7th July. The Senator representing Enugu West Senatorial zone and his wife were arrested by the Metropolitan police over… In "Top Stories" Former Deputy Senate President of Nigeria, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, and Beatrice, his wife, have been arrested in London. According to the Metropolitan Police, they were arrested and charged with bringing a child to the UK for organ harvesting. The child, whose identity was not disclosed, is reportedly with the Metropolitan… In "Top Stories"