By KINGSLEY OKOYE ABUJA- The National Leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has nominated Sen.Ibrahim Gobir (Sokoto East) as the new Senate Leader and Chairman of the APC caucus in the Senate. The Party’s decision is contained in a letter addressed to the President of the Senate, Sen. Ahmad Lawan, and signed by the National Chairman, Sen. Abdullahi Adamu. The letter was read by President of the Senate, Lawan, at plenary on Wednesday. Gobir replaces the former Senate Leader, Yahaya Abdullahi (Kebbi North), who defected from the ruling party to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). In the letter, Adamu referenced Lawan’s request with reference No: NASS9thS/SP/D/12/ dated June 26, in which the President of the Senate “informed the party of the vacancy of the office of the Senate Leader of our party”. “Accept herewith, the party’s nomination of Sen. Ibrahim Gobir (Sokoto East Senatorial District) as replacement for the Senate Leader and Chairman of the APC Caucus,” it said. (NAN) …Abaribe to resign as Minority Leader Wednesday   By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Two prominent members of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senate Majority Leader, Yahaya Abdullahi, and Adamu Aliero, have officially defected to the Peoples’ Democratic Party (PDP). Also to defect formally tomorrow, Wednesday, is the Senate… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Dr Ahmed Lawan and the North East Caucus of our great party, the All Progressives Congress (APC), has congratulated His Excellency, Senator Kashim Ibrahim Shettima, on his nomination as the running mate to the party's presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has passed a bill to establish the National Commission for the Coordination and Control of the Proliferation of Small Arms and Light Weapons. The passage of the National Commission Against the proliferation of Small Arms and Light Weapons (Establishment) Bill, 2022,… In "Top Stories"