By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The north is now well educated and adequately mobilised to support Peter Obi’s candidature in the forthcoming 2023 presidential election.These were the submission of Dr Yunusa Tanko, the spokesman for the Third Force in a press statement issued in Abuja. Dr Tanko who is also the National Chairman of the Nigerian Conscience Party, (NCP) hails from Kano. The NCP Chieftain also disclosed that the Labour Party , (LP) candidate will unveil his running mate latest on Friday this week. The Third Force is one of the major promoters of Peter Obi candidacy. He stressed that Labour Party and its candidate were already sweeping across the entire north like wildfire. He appealed to the timing ethusiastic supporters of Obi to be patient adding that the running mate who would be unveiled latest Friday would be someone of like mind. Dr Tanko equally cautioned supporters of the Labour Party Candidate to tone down their language against opponents no matter the lies they say about Obi. According to him, the attacks on Obi were being provoked by the mass flowership he was recording all over the country. He said, “l consider such attacks as mere distraction that shouldn’t bother us because our opponents are already jittery because our supporters are organic unlike their crowds that merely sponsored. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Facts have emerged that the Labour Party Candidate and the former Governor of Anambra State Mr Peter Obi may have shifted attention to the National Conscience Party, (NCP) Chairman and spokesperson for the Third Force, Dr Yunusa Tanko. The move according to a… In "Top Stories" •Peter Obi (left) and Rabiu Kwankwaso ABUJA - The much-talked about mega party that will have the capacity to face the two behemoths – Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the All Progressives Congress (APC) – may be a reality in the 2023 elections going by the revelations of the former… In "Top Stories" •Peter Obi Labour Party ABUJA - Leaders of Labour Party on Wednesday said that the party’s presidential candidate, Mr. Peter Obi; and his New Nigerian Peoples Party, NNPP, counterpart, Senator Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, are still in talks to field a joint ticket for the 2023 presidential poll. In separate chats,… In "Top Stories"