Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The management of the Industrial Training Fund, (ITF) has described the publication by some Online Newspapers, alleging sponsorship of Nigerian students abroad as the handiwork of mischief makers. In a statement made available to newsmen, in Abuja on Monday, by the Personal Assistant to the Director General of ITF, Abdul lateef Taiwo, urges the public to disregard the publication and treat it as fake news that is. The statement reads: The attention of the management of the Industrial Training Funds has been drawn to an online publication alleging that the Nigeria Labour congress, NLC as part of its two-day solidarity strike with members of the Academic Staff Union of Nigeria University, ASUU, has listed names of Nigerians and public civil servants and institutions for picketing. Our initial reaction was to dismissed the mentioning of ITF in the purported press statement credited to NLC, but that may further strengthen and serve as a basis for mischief makers whose ignorance could be taken for a fact.” Recall that, established in 1971, the Industrial Training Fund has operated consistently and painstakingly within the context of its enabling laws – Decree 47 of 1971 as Amended in the 2011 ITF ACT, the objective for which the Fund was established has been pursued vigorously and effectively. In the four decades of its existence, the ITF has not only raised training consciousness in the economy, but has also helped in generating a corps of skilled indigenous manpower which has been manning and managing various sectors of the national economy. Over the years, pursuant to its statutory responsibility, the ITF has expanded its structures, developed training programmes, reviewed its strategies, operations and services in order to meet the expanding, and changing demands for skilled manpower in the economy. “In line with the mandate, the industrial training fund does not sponsor or offer scholarship to foreign students or any Nigeria schooling abroad, rather it collaborates with other supervisory institutions like the National Board for Technical Education (NBTE) and the Nigeria University Commission (NUC) in the area of Technical and Skill acquisitions that are in line with the mandate.” “As part of its responsibilities, the ITF provides Direct Training, Vocational and Apprentice Training, Research and Consultancy Service, Reimbursement of up to 50% Training contribution paid by employers of labour registered with it and administers the Students Industrial Work Experience Scheme (SIWES). It also provides human resource development information and training technology service to industry and commerce to enhance their manpower capacity and in-house training delivery effort. The main thrust of ITF programmes and services is to stimulate human performance, improve productivity, and induce value-added production in industry and commerce. Through its SIWES and Vocational and Apprentice Training Programmes, the Fund also builds capacity for graduates and youth self-employment, in the context of Small Scale Industrialization, in the economy. The Industrial Training Fund is a grade ‘A’ Parastatal operating under the aegis of the Federal Ministry of Industry, Trade and Investment. It has been operatingfor 50 years as a specialist agency that promotes and encourages the acquisition of industrial skills. Abdul Lateef, while appealing to media institutions and practitioners whom he described as partner in progress harps on them not to allow themselves to be used to mislead the public. The management which reiterated that it does not sponsor student abroad, appeal to media practitioners to verify their stories before publication. Reminding that as an institution, the ITF like any other Government Agency and parastatals, is open to scrutiny, as statutory agency which books are subject of verifications and auditing by the office of the Accountant General of the Federation, (OAGoF) and the Auditor General of the Federation, (AGoF) and budgetary by the National Assembly. ... Alerts security agents that it's plot by disgruntled elements to smear his image By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Director General of the Industrial Trust Funds ( ITF), Dr. Joseph Ari has debunked the rumour making rounds that he is nursing the ambition of running for Plateau state… In "News" By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Director General Industrial Training Fund (ITF), Sir Joseph Ari, has said he has no political future ambition to contest for any political office in the future. Ari said he is also not supporting anyone in the forthcoming 2023 general elections. He said… In "Top Stories" By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Minister, Federal Ministry of Industry, Trade and Investment, Otunba Richard Adebayo has said the Industrial Training Fund is a crucial agency that the Federal Government cannot ignore in the strategy designed to grow the nations economy. Adebayo said it is crucial to… In "News"