By YAKUBU UBA MAIDUGURI- Maiduguri stood agog on Saturday as the Presidential candidate of All Progressives Congress (APC) Asiwaju Bola Tinubu led other dignitaries to attend the wedding ceremony of the daughter of his running mate Kashim Shettima.The presidency was represented at the wedding by President Muhammadu Buhari’s Chief of Staff, Ibrahim Gambari and National Security Adviser, Babagana Monguno.NAN reports that 12 gold coins were paid as dowry at the ceremony, witnessed by other dignitaries, including Senate President Amed Lawan, Aliko Dangote, Dahiru Mangal, Ahmed Indimi, Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto and his Jigawa counterpart, Gov. Abubakar Badaru.Govs. Mai-Mala Buni of Yobe, Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti, I-GP Usman Baba Alkali, and APC National Chairman, Abdullahi Adamu also graced the event.The marriage rites were conducted at the Shehu of Borno’s Palace where the bride, Fatima was represented by Gov. Zulum of Borno, while the bridegroom, Sadiq Ibrahim, the son of former Minister of FCT/Abuja, Ibrahim Bunu, was represented by former Governor of Bauchi, Ahmadu Muazu. (NAN) By YAKUBU UBA Governor Babagana Zulum MAIDUGURI- Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno says Bola Tinubu, the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, made the “wisest choice” by choosing Sen. Kashim Shettima as his running mate.Tinubu, the Presidential Candidate of the party for the 2023 election, on Sunday announced Shettima as his… In "Politics" •Borno Governor Prof. Babagana Zulum MAIDUGIRI - Borno State Governor, Prof. Babagana Zulum, has described the choice of his predecessor, Kashim Shettima, on Sunday, as the Vice Presidential Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) as the wisest decision by the presidential flag bearer of the party, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu.… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Dr Ahmed Lawan and the North East Caucus of our great party, the All Progressives Congress (APC), has congratulated His Excellency, Senator Kashim Ibrahim Shettima, on his nomination as the running mate to the party's presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola… In "Top Stories"