By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) – President Muhammadu Buhari has written the Senate to confirm 19 nominees as Resident Electoral Commissioners for the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). The confirmation request to the upper chamber was contained in a letter dated 25th July, 2022.The letter was read at plenary by the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan. President Buhari, in the letter, said that the request for the confirmation of the nominees was in accordance with the Provisions of Section 154 (1) of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria (as amended).He explained that the nomination of five (5) Resident Electoral Commissioners are for renewal, while the other fourteen (14) are fresh appointments. The nominees for confirmation include: Ibrahim Abdullahi (Adamawa – Renewal); Obo O. Effanga (Cross River – Renewal); Alh. Umar Ibrahim (Taraba – Renewal); Dr. Agboke Mutiu Olaleke (Ogun – Renewal); and Prof. Samuel E. Egwu (Kogi – Renewal). Others are: Onyeka Pauline Ugochi (Imo); Prof. Muhammad Lawal Bashir (Sokoto); Prof. Ayobami Salami (Oyo); Amb. Zango Abdussamadu Abdu (Katsina); Mrs. Queen Elizabeth Agwu (Ebonyi); and Dr. Agundu Oliver Tersoo (Benue). Also to be confirmed are: Yomere Gabriel Oritsemlebi (Delta); Prof. Yahaya Makarfi Ibrahim (Kaduna); Dr. Nura Ali (Kano); Agu Sylvia Uchenna (Enugu); Ahmed Yushau Garki (FCT); Barr. Hudu Yunusa (Bauchi); Prof. Uzochukwu Ikemefuna Chijioke (Anambra); and Mohammed B. Nura (Yobe). By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate, on Tuesday, received a request from President Muhammadu Buhari, to confirm the re-appointment of four nominees as Non-Executive Directors of the Board of the Central Bank of Nigeria.     The request was contained in a latter dated 21st July, 2022, and… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has confirmed the nomination of Dr. Hale Gabriel Longpet (Plateau) as Resident Electoral Commissioner for the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC).  Longpet’s confirmation followed the consideration of a report by the Committee on Electoral Matters.  Chairman of the Committee, Senator Kabiru… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has said that the upper chamber would, next week Wednesday, screen the seven ministerial nominees forwarded to the chamber by President Muhammadu Buhari for confirmation. Lawan stated this in an announcement on Wednesday, moments before the Senate… In "Top Stories"