By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Labour Party Governorship Candidate in Plateau State, Amb. Yohana Margif has denied the rumors making the rounds that he is in talks with APC and PDP members who are approaching him to sell his governorship ticket for large sums of money. Margif said the fake news is aimed at diverting the minds of the electorates who are resolute in voting his candidature. Speaking in a statement on Sunday, Margif urged his supporters not to relent in preaching the gospel of the Labour party which is gaining ground on a daily basis in the State. He advocates strongly for peace, unity and steadfastness as the country approaches the 2023 general elections. He described himself as the Obedient Servant of Plateau State, saying he has the intellectual capacity and every experience needed to do what is expected of a servant to pilot the affairs of the State towards consolidating democracy as a veritable means of entrenching a stable political order in the state. Margif noted that the Labour Party is a Party sent by God to restore the lost Glory of Plateau and Nigeria, calling on all citizens who are 18 years and above without a voters card to take advantage of the extension of the ongoing voters registration by the electoral empire INEC to obtain their voters card. By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Ambassador Yohnna Margif has clinched the Labour Party LP ticket to run for Governorship seat of Plateau State in the 2023 general elections. It would be recalled that Chief Margif who is the Wazirin Mushere was the Member of the APC and had… In "Top Stories" By Chijioke Kingsley Ahead of the 2023 governorship election in Plateau State, the Director-General of the Labour Party (LP), governorship Candidate Campaign Organization, Comrade Solomon Ndam, has said the party will shock Plateau just like ruling All Progressive Congress APC did in 2019. Ndam said the emergence of Amb. Yohana… In "Top Stories" By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Governorship aspirant under the All Progressive Congress (APC), has defected to the Labour Party (LP) and has been adopted as the LP sole candidate for the 2023 governorship election. Margif, who accepted the nomination form at a brief reception hosted by the… In "Politics"