KINGSLEY OKOYE ABUJA- Sen. Danladi Sankara (APC-Jigawa) has lauded Asiwaju Bola Tinubu for picking Sen. Kashim Shettima as his running mate for the 2023 presidential poll, saying it is a good formula to win the election.Sankara, also the Chairman, Senate Committee on Information and National Orientation, said this in a statement on Wednesday in Abuja by his media aide Mr Muhammad Nazifi.He described Shettima as competent, cerebral, tested and an accomplished leader and administrator that would add value to the presidency of Tinubu.“By the choice of Shettima as his running mate, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu has proven himself as a leader with great wisdom and vision to assemble capable people to assist him provide desired leadership that would improve welfare of Nigerians.“Shettima is capable and well prepared, we are together with him in this 9th Senate and everyone is aware of his leadership capabilities.” He will compliment efforts of Tinubu to bring about the desired progress and development of the nation, ” he said.Sankara said there was no need for apprehensions on the party’s Muslim-Muslim,adding that Tinubu and Shettima were both patriotic Nigerians.He said the duo were conscious of the requirements of equity and justice in leadership and public administration. (NAN) By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Chairman of Senate Committee on Information and National Orientation, Sen. Danladi Abdullahi Sankara has applauded the All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Candidate, Asiwaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu for picking former former Borno State Governor, Sen. Kashim Shettima as his Vice Presidential Candidate running… In "Top Stories" By ISMAILA CHAFE President Muhammadu Buhari and Senator Bola Ahmed Tinubu ABUJA- The All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Candidate for the 2023 General Elections, Sen. Bola Tinubu, has officially announced former Gov.  Kashim Shettima of Borno as his running mate.Tinubu made the announcement on Sunday while briefing journalists after a… In "Politics" By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE Senator Bola Tinubu, Senator Kashim Shettima ABUJA- The All Progressives Congress (APC) Professionals’ Forum has promised to galvanise professionals within and outside the country to support the Tinubu/Shettima presidential ticket for a resounding election victory in 2023.Dr Nkem Okeke, the forum’s Board of Trustees (BoT) Acting Chairman… In "Politics"