Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has cautioned against the alleged plot to Islamize Nigeria. IPOB warned that it won’t allow any individual, government, or ethnic groups to Islamize Nigeria or turn it into a Fulani colony. Emma Powerful, the spokesperson of the separatist group, said some people, government, and ethnic groups are trying to use tricks to Islamize Nigeria. He, however, noted plots to Islamize the country would fail. Powerful said the attacks on Christians by bandits, herders, and terrorists are strategies aimed at Islamizing Nigeria. A statement by Powerful reads partly: “That the attack of Christians in Church across Nigeria, using Fulani herdsmen, bandits and terrorists to attack communities in the country and sacking them from their ancestral homes, killing of their men, women, youths and raping their young ladies, are all plans aimed at taking over the communities and foisting strange religions on them, are all pointer to the dubious islamization and fulanization agenda.” The group lamented that those close to President Muhammadu Buhari are Islamic fanatics. He accused members of the All Progressives Congress, APC, around Buhari of being Jihadist foot soldiers waiting to implement the plot of Islamizing Nigeria. Daily Post) •Kuje Prison, Abuja after attack by terrorists last week That terrorists and bandits are getting bolder, more daring, and more sophisticated is not debatable. After a period of relative peace, the nation, has entered a new phase of terrorist attacks that frontally challenges state power. It needs no further evidence… In "Column - Monday" ....Says concerted military operations to rid south east of Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and Eastern Security Network (ESN) elements have led to the overrunning of IPOB/ESN bases .... Confirms approval of the establishment of a Naval Base in Oguta, Imo State, among other interventions to strengthen the security of… In "Top Stories" The first casualty of capricious election seasons in Nigeria is security. Governance is abandoned, and all efforts and expense are dissipated on party politics. Nigeria’s security insalubrity is deteriorating steeply as the 2023 elections close in. It is all reminiscent of the build-up to the 2015 elections when ubiquitous violence… In "Opinion"