By MONDAY IJEH ABUJA- The Police Command in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) said there was no shooting at Dantata Bridge and Minister’s Hill as speculated in some quarters. The Police Public Relations Officer in the FCT, DSP Josephine Adeh, said this in a statement on Wednesday in Abuja. Some sections of the media on Tuesday circulated stories of shooting at Dantata Bridge, along Airport Road and Minister’s Hill in Maitama area of Abuja. “The attention of the Police Command in the FCT has been drawn to a series of erroneous stories making the rounds, especially on the social media spaces. “The stories suggested that there was heavy gunfire simultaneously around Dantata Bridge and Minister’s Hills on Tuesday at about at about 7:30 p.m. “Following the receipt of the news, the Command’s Intelligence and Tactical asset drafted to the scene where the news was found false. “Having maintained monitoring and surveillance of the area all night, and with the intelligence at the disposal of the Command, it is important to categorically state that the news is unfounded and should be disregarded,” she said. Adeh enjoined the public to eschew the generation and promulgation of fake and unverified news and go about their lawful business without the fear of harassment or molestation. She said the Commissioner of Police (CP) in charge of the FCT, Mr Babaji Sunday, had reassured residents of the commitment of the command to ensure the safety of all and sundry in the territory and called for calm. The CP said investigation into the source of the stories and other maliciously crafted write-ups targeted at promoting panic and apprehension in the territory had commenced. Sunday called on residents to only believe information released from confirmed sources, adding that the police would continue its quest to bring crime and criminality to the barest minimum in the FCT. He urged residents to remain vigilant and report any suspicious or abnormal occurrence to the police through 08032003913, 08061581938, 07057337653 and 08028940883. (NAN) By MONDAY IJEH ABUJA- The Police Command in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), said there was no bandit attack in Gwarimpa Estate contrary to reports in some sections of the media. The Police Public Relations Officer of the Command, DSP Josephine Adeh said this in a statement issued on Monday… In "News" •Late Osinachi Nwachukwu ABUJA - The Federal Capital Territory Police Command says it has forwarded the result of the autopsy conducted on late renowned gospel singer, Osinachi Nwachukwu to the Director of Public Prosecution for vetting and possible prosecution. The Police Public Relations Officer in the FCT, DSP Josephine Adeh,… In "Metro" By BASHIR RABE MANI ABUJA- Abuja is agog as no fewer than 2,322 delegates from 36 states and the FCT have converged on the city to elect a flag bearer for the All Progressives Congress (APC), for the 2023 general elections.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the party’s… In "Politics"