By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Redeemed Christian Church of God has refuted claims that the General Overseer, Pastor Enoch Adeboye met with the All Progressives Congress presidential candidate, Bola Ahmed Tinubu. RCCG said that Adeboye will not be endorsing any candidate for the 2023 elections. The church made this known in a statement on its official Twitter page. RCCG also refuted claims that Adeboye met with the All Progressives Congress presidential candidate, Bola Ahmed Tinubu. The statement reads partly: “It has come to our notice that some news outlets are reporting that a meeting between Pastor E.A. Adeboye, the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God worldwide, and the former governor of Lagos state Mr. Bola Ahmed Tinubu was held a few days back at the Redemption Camp where our esteemed father in the Lord was said to have supported the preferred candidature of the party the former governor is a member of. “Pastor E.A. Adeboye and RCCG have not and will not endorse any candidate for the 2023 general elections in Nigeria.” Recall that there is news making the rounds Online (not Sundiata Post) to the effect that Senator Oluremi Tinubu, wife of the APC standard bearer, Asiwaju Ahmed Tinubu has led his husband to see Daddy G.O over the Muslim-muslim ticket. Leke Adeboye, the Senior Personal Assistant of the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adeboye, has slammed pastors who preached after his father’s sermon last Sunday in parishes across the nation. The Nation gathered that every first service of the month is designed as… In "News" General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adeboye, yesterday said he would not endorse any presidential candidate because they were all like his “children”. He said he was not beholden to any political party, saying politics was not his calling. Adeboye spoke during the special… In "News" By ADEYEMI ADELEYE Engr. Bola Babarinde, Chairman, APC South Africa LAGOS- The All Progressives Congress (APC), South African Chapter says Nigeria needs an economic and political genius like Sen. Bola Tinubu to achieve its dream in 2023 general elections. The Chairman of the chapter, Mr Bola Babarinde, said this in… In "Politics"