WASHINGTON- U.S. President Joe Biden has been diagnosed with the Coronavirus (COVID-19), and is experiencing “very mild symptoms,” according to a White House statement on Thursday. “He is fully vaccinated and twice boosted and experiencing very mild symptoms. “He has begun taking Paxlovid,” the statement disclosed. In line with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) guidelines, Biden will isolate at the White House and will continue to carry out all of his duties fully during that time, the statement said. “He has been in contact with members of the White House staff by phone this morning, and will participate in his planned meetings at the White House this morning via phone and Zoom from the residence.” The White House will provide a daily update on the president’s status as he continues to carry out the full duties of the office while in isolation, according to the staement “In line with standard protocol for any positive case at the White House, the White House medical unit will inform all close contacts of the president during the day today, including any members of Congress and any members of the press who interacted with the president during yesterday’s travel.” The president’s last previous test for COVID-19 was on Tuesday, when he had a negative test result. The news comes a day after Biden visited the state of Massachusetts following a tour of the Middle East. There have been several infections among Biden’s administration and entourage recently, including those who are vaccinated against the virus. Cases have also risen among politicians in Washington in recent months. More than 60 people tested positive for the virus following an evening event in April, according to media reports, citing the organisers. Those infected included Attorney General Merrick Garland, Commerce Secretary Gina Raimondo, several members of Congress, Vice President Kamala Harris’ communications director and other White House staff. Harris would have to step in if Biden were unable to carry out his duties at any time due to the infection. Harris tested positive for the virus in April. Biden is not the first in the Oval Office to be diagnosed with the virus. His predecessor Donald Trump caught the virus in 2020, less than five weeks before the presidential election won by Biden. At the time, no vaccines were available and Trump had to be hospitalised. Other world leaders have also caught the virus including former British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro, and Luxembourg’s Prime Minister Xavier Bettel. (dpa/NAN) President Joe Biden and wife First Lady Jill Biden MOSCOW- Russia has placed an entry ban on the family of U.S. President Joe Biden, the Foreign Ministry in Moscow said on Tuesday.Biden’s wife, Jill and daughter, Ashley would no longer be allowed to travel to Russia.The president himself and Secretary… In "Foreign" United States President Joe Biden falls off his bicycle as he approaches well-wishers following a bike ride at Gordon's Pond State Park in Rehoboth Beach, Delaware, on June 18, 2022. AFP President of the United States, Joe Biden, tumbled as he was riding his bicycle near his beach home in… In "Top Stories" By Cecilia Ologunagba New York - U.S. President Joe Biden, on Thursday, announced Karine Jean-Pierre as White House Press Secretary, making history as the first Black woman to hold the post. Jean-Pierre, 44-year-old daughter of Haitian immigrants, will replace Jen Psaki, who was originally expected to serve for only the… In "Top Stories"