By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Senator Ike Ekweremadu on Thursday won the first round of alleged organ harvesting case as a Westminster Magistrates Court in the United Kingdom has ruled that David Nwamini Ukpo, the alleged kidney donor for the daughter of the embattle Senator, is not 15 years old but 21. Arise TV reports that the Ukpo has admitted to the court that he is 21 years old and had been in the UK since February but only presented himself to the police in May. The counsel for the defendants has also denied the allegations of exploitation laid by the alleged victim. The case was adjourned till August 4, 2022. Senator Ekweremadu and his wife, Beatrice, have been remanded in custody until the next hearing. Present at the hearing were some members of the Senate and delegates from the Nigerian High Commission. Also present were former Senate Minority Leader, Eyinnanya Abaribe, former Senate President, David Mark, former Minister of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba and the Chairman of the Senate Committee on Foreign Affairs, Adamu Bulkachuwa. Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Femi Fani-Kayode, former minister of aviation, has accused Ukpo Nwamini David of taking advantage of the plight of Ike Ekweremadu, former deputy senate president, to gain asylum in the United Kingdom. Recall that Ekweremadu and his wife, Beatrice, were arrested and charged to court for allegedly… In "News" Senator Ike Ekweremadu On Friday last week, a delegation of the Nigerian Senate left Nigeria for the United Kingdom. Their only agenda is to see how they can lobby members of the UK parliament and those high up in the government of Mr Boris Johnson, the UK Prime Minister, in… In "Opinion" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Kinsmen of a former Deputy Senate President, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, have demanded that due process be followed in his ongoing trial over alleged organ harvesting in the United Kingdom. The News Agency of Nigeria reported that the group, under the auspices of Ikeoha Mpu Pacesetters League,… In "Top Stories"