By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The establishments of the Federal Nursing and Midwifery School Obuohia, Awkunanu and Federal Medical Centre Akpugo in Nkanu West Local Government Area of Enugu State will help strengthen quality Healthcare delivery in the entire Somerset and the nation at large. Honourable Nnolim Nnaji, the member representing Nkanu East/West Federal Constituency of Enugu State in the House of Representatives stated this at a the public hearing organised by the House of Representatives Committee on Health Institutions in Abuja on Wednesday. The public hearing was part of the Legislative processes on the Bills for the establishments of the two health institutions sponsored by him. Honourable Nnaji stressed that he was spurred to sponsor the Bills by the need to provide modern training facilities for health workers and modern healthcare centres to address the increasing health needs of Nigerians.Accordingl to Honourable Nnaji, “the terrific effects of COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria necessitated the need for more medical centres and trained health workers in order to satisfy the health demands of the growing population. “The establishments of these instructions at the aforementioned locations will explicitly reduce the overwhelming manpower burden on the University of Nigeria Teaching Hospital, (UNTH) and other health facilities in Enugu” He described the proposed site for the nursing school at Obuofia Awkunanu as, ” a beautiful terrain within Nkanu West Local Government Area which is good and conducive for training health workers”. On the proposed Federal Medical Centre, the lawmaker emphasised that the host community, Akpugo remained one of the largest communities in Enugu State, adding that the Nigerian Law School, Enugu Campus and Enugu State University Science and Technology were located within five to ten minutes away from the intended site for the medical centre. Honourable Nnaji who is also the Chairman House of Representatives Committee on Aviation equally stated that the people of Nkanu West Local Government Area and indeed the entire Enugu State indigenes were very enthusiastic about the Bills and were willing to give all the needed supports to the government for the establishments of the institutions. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Honourable Nnolim Nnaji was on Sunday elected the People's Democratic Party, (PDP) flag bearer for Nkanu East/West Federal Constituency of Enugu State. Honourable Nnaji who is currently the Chairman of the House of Representatives Committee on Aviation pulled a total of 78 Votes… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) - The establishment of a Federal University of Agriculture Ugbawka, in Nkanu East Local Government of Enugu State will help boost agricultural production in the Southeast and the nation at large. The Chairman, House of Representatives Committee on Aviation, Honourable Nnolim Nnaji, stated this on… In "Top Stories" ...It brings relief to travellers By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Chairman House of Representatives Committee on Aviation, Honourable Nnolim Nnaji has applauded the management of a leading Nigerian Airline, Airpeace on the commencement of direct flight between Nigeria and China. Honourable Nnaji's commendation was coming on the… In "Top Stories"