By ISMAILA CHAFE ABUJA- President Muhammadu Buhari has extended heartfelt condolences to the family of former Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, in the wake of the gruesome assassination of the former prime minister.In a condolence message by his media aide, Mr Femi Adesina, on Friday in Abuja, the president also condoled with the Government and people of Japan over the incident.Buhari joined all Japanese in mourning the loss of the country’s longest serving prime minister and outstanding leader, assuring the family of Abe of the prayers and thoughts of all Nigerians during this difficult time.According to him, Abe will be remembered for his unwavering commitment to strengthening trade and investment between Africa and Japan through various initiatives and partnerships, using the instrumentality of Tokyo International Conference on African Development (TICAD).The president said under Abe, Nigeria and Japan enjoyed a strategic partnership, supporting each other’s shared aspirations on economic cooperation, healthcare, human resource development, disaster risk reduction, peace and security.The Nigerian leader prayed that the memory of the Japanese statesman and respected international leader would be a blessing to his nation and people, whom he served so devotedly. (NAN) London - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has greatly contributed to strengthening the relations between London and Tokyo, UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson said on Friday as Abe announced his resignation.Earlier in the day, Abe officially announced his plan to step down, citing health issues. He has already informed the… In "Foreign" Seoul - South Korea has expressed regret over the sudden decision of Shinzo Abe to step down as the Japanese prime minister, saying he greatly contributed to the development of Japanese-South Korean relations.South Korean presidential spokesman Kang Min-seok, who made this known on Friday, wished him speedy recovery.Abe officially announced… In "Foreign" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has arrived in Japan to participate in the Seventh Tokyo International Conference on African Development (TICAD7), holding in Yokohama from Aug. 28 to Aug. 30. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) State House correspondent reports that Buhari left Abuja on Aug. 25. A… In "News"