… Says, APC has thrown a challenge that calls for sacrifices on the parts of PDP and Labour By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Second Republic Politician, Ugochukwu Nnawuihe has reacted to the alleged Muslim-muslim ticket anomaly thrown up by the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), calling on the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) and the Labour Party (LP) to humble them by going into alliance. Nnawuihe who was also Commissioner for Agriculture under Achike Udenwa, made the call while speaking to Whitepaper Newspaper Tuesday on the Bola Tinubu, a Muslim and Alhaji Kashim Shettima also a Muslim, Presidential and Vice Presidential Candidates of the APC respectively. He said the lamentations against the Muslim-Muslim ticket won’t change anything since the APC has made that choice, adding that the PDP and Labour should as a matter of urgency, come into alliance for a formidable force that would correct the Muslim-Muslim ticket anomaly. Nnawuihe said, with the situation on ground now, it is important, PDP and Labour make Sacrifices, stating that Abubakar Atiku should drop Governor Okowa, for Peter Obi to step in as the Vice Presidential Candidate, and they would win the election. According to him, Obi can be President after Atiku, explaining that it would not be productive for Atiku (PDP) and Obi (Labour) to divide their votes, adding that the APC has let Nigerians down with the Muslim-Muslim ticket and they should be made to understand that they had acted wrongly. His words, “Once PDP and Labour form an alliance, and Atiku and Obi running as Presidential and Vice Presidential Candidates, they could go home and sleep because since Atiku is very strong in the North and Obi is strong in the South, they would win the 2023 presidential election with ease. “Unfortunately, we do not have political thinkers like we had in the Second Republic. They would have entered one room, look at what APC has done and come up with the best way to humble them. But today, people are condemning what APC has done, but how do we confront them to let them know that there are two major religions in this Country, Christianity and Islam. And since independence these two religions have always been considered in the event of choosing President and Vice President. “What APC has done shows that the current leaders are selfish and cannot unite the nation. They cannot build a nation of our collective dream and aspiration. What APC did was to tell the Christians in the Country to go to hell. And the only way to respond to that, is for PDP and Labour Party to come together and form a common front. A very formidable common front that would require Okowa stepping down as Atiku’s Vice Presidential Candidate for Obi to step in. And after Atiku, Obi would come in as president. The situation created by APC requires sacrifices”, he stated. .... Ex-VP, PDP fear regional divisions in S’East, North may work for APC candidate .....Former Lagos gov moves to douse Muslim-Muslim ticket tension Abuja - The leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party and its presidential candidate for the 2023 election, Atiku Abubakar, are mulling over the option of engaging the… In "Top Stories" The National Vice Chairman (North-West) of All Progressives Congress, Mallam Salihu Lukman, says the noise over a perceived Muslim-Muslim ticket is a ploy to distract the APC presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu. This is even as the member of the National Working Committee disclosed that he was not surprised to… In "Top Stories" By TAIYE AGBAJE Chief Oba Maduabuchi ABUJA- Chief Oba Maduabuchi, SAN, has endorsed the decision by Sen. Bola Tinubu, Presidential Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to pick a fellow Muslim as his running mate.Maduabuchi, in an interview with newsmen on Monday in Abuja, said Tinubu’s decision was based… In "Politics"