By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate has passed a bill to establish the National Commission for the Coordination and Control of the Proliferation of Small Arms and Light Weapons. The passage of the National Commission Against the proliferation of Small Arms and Light Weapons (Establishment) Bill, 2022, followed the consideration of a report by the Committee on National Security and Intelligence. The bill is a consolidation of three bills – two private-member bills and one from the Executive arm of government against the proliferation of small arms and light weapons in the country. They are: The Nigerian National Commission against the Proliferation of Small Arms and Light Weapons (Establishment) Bill, 2020(SB. 283); The Nigerian National Commission against the Proliferation of Small Arms and Light Weapons (Establishment) Bill, 2020 (SB. 513); and The National Centre for the Coordination and Control of the Proliferation of Small Arms and Light Weapons (Establishment) Bill, 2021 (SB. 794). The three bills after scaling second reading, respectively, in the Senate, were all referred to the Committee on National Security and Intelligence for further legislative work. Chairman of the Committee, Senator Ibrahim Gobir (APC – Sokoto East), in a presentation on the floor, said the three bills seek to provide for the establishment of a government body that will be saddled with combating the proliferation of small arms and light weapons in Nigeria. According to him, the functions of the body shall be in line with Article 24 of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) Convention on the Proliferation of Small Arms and Light Weapons which came into force in 2009. The lawmaker, added that the Committee on National Security and Intelligence, resolved to consolidate the three bills into one. He explained that doing so, would adequately cater for the establishment of a Commission to implement measures aimed at eradicating illicit arms. Gobir noted that establishing a Commission against proliferation of weapons stemmed from the need to immediately address the nation’s present state of insecurity. The National Commission Against the proliferation of Small Arms and Light Weapons (Establishment) Bill, 2022, was passed by the Senate, after a clause-by-clause consideration of the Committee’s report by the Committee of the Whole. By VICTOR NWACHUKWU General Faruk Yahaya OWERRI- The Nigerian Army has restated its resolve to checkmate the proliferation of  small arms and light weapons across the country.Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt. – Gen. Farouk Yahaya, stated this at a media parley in Owerri on Monday, as part of activities… In "Metro" By MUHAMMAD NASIR SOKOTO - The Nigeria Army on Monday said it had recovered no fewer than 706 small arms and light weapons from bandits and criminal elements within areas of operation in Katsina, Zamfara, Sokoto and Kebbi States.The Force Commander, Operation Hadarin Daji, Maj-Gen. Uwem Bassey, gave the figure… In "Security" …blames violence, insecurity on weapons proliferation  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate on Wednesday considered a critical bill  seeking to tackle the illicit importation and trade of small arms and light weapons in Nigeria.The Nigerian National Commission Against the Proliferation of Small Arms and Light Weapons bill… In "News"