By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate has passed the Nigerian Start-up Bill, 2022. The passage of the bill followed the consideration of a report by the Committee on ICT and Cyber Security. Chairman of the Committee, Senator Oseni Yakubu (APC – Kogi Central), in his presentation, said the bill seeks to provide for the establishment of the National Council for Digital Innovation and Entrepreneurship. According to him, the council, upon its establishment, would create and develop an enabling environment for technology-enabled start-ups in Nigeria. Meanwhile, a bill for an Act to provide for the ease of doing business to ensure transparency, efficiency and productivity in Nigeria and for other related matters, on Wednesday, scaled second reading. The bill was sponsored by the Deputy Senate Leader, Ajayi Boroffice (APC – Ondo North).The bill after consideration, was referred by the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, to the Committee on Trade and Investment for further legislative inputs.The Committee was given two weeks to report back to the chamber in plenary.In a related development, another bill to establish the Federal Nephrology and Kidney Research and Treatment Centre Hadejia, also scaled second reading on the floor.The bill, sponsored by Senator Hassan Ibrahim Hadejia (APC – Jigawa North-East), was referred by Lawan to the Committee on Health (Secondary and Tertiary).The Senator Yahaya Oloriegbe-led Committee was given four weeks to turn in its report. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has passed five bills from the House of Representatives for concurrence. The bills include Public Enterprises (Privatization and Commercialization) Act (Repeal & Enactment) Bill, 2022; and Orthopaedic Hospitals Management Board  Act (Amendment) Bill, 2022. Others are Chartered Institute of Social Work… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate, on Tuesday, passed four bills to establish Federal Medical Centres in four states of the federation.The medical centers will be established in Osogbo, Osun State; Onitsha, Anambra State; Gada, Sokoto State; and Ijebu-Ode, Ogun State, respectively.  The passage of the bills… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate, Tuesday, passed for concurrence, the National Youth Service Corps Trust Fund Bill 2022. Also passed were three other bills to establish the Institute of Credit Administration; Federal University of Agriculture and Entrepreneurship Saki; and Repeal and Re-enact the Pharmacy Council of… In "Top Stories"