By FEMI OGUNSHOLA ABUJA- The House of Representatives has resolved to intervene in the on-going dispute between the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) and the Federal Government. Rep. Muhammad Wudil, Chairman, House Committee on Labour, said this when he and other house members received the protesting Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC) and its affiliate unions on Wednesday in Abuja. The NLC and its affiliate unions were on a solidarity protest over ASUU’s unending strike to the National Assembly. Wudil said that since the beginning of the strike, the house had been consulting with relevant stakeholders with a view to ending the strike. The lawmaker assured the protesting unions that the national assembly would invite all the stakeholders to see how the dispute could be resolved. Presenting the report of the meeting at the plenary, Wudil said that the NLC made a seven-point demand, adding that the engagement with the congress was fruitful. Earlier, the NLC Chairman, Mr Ayuba Waba, said that they were in the national assembly to register their protest on the lingering ASUU strike. He expressed the union’s support for ASUU, adding that Nigerian university lecturers were the least paid in Africa. He said that if nothing was done after the protest, their next line of action of labour would be to embark on a three-day national protest with strike. (NAN) ...NLC faults two-week timeline, says three days enough to meet demands .....Planned protest illegal, Nigeria Labour Congress partisan, says govt ......ASUU says no going back on protest, aviation workers plan strike Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Federal Government and labour unions on Wednesday clashed over the groups’ refusal to back… In "Top Stories" By ESENVOSA IZAH LAGOS- The National Union of Banks, Insurance and Financial Institutions Employees (NUBIFIE) says it will join the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) in its solidarity strike over the lingering Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) strike.NUBIFIE said this in a statement signed by Its National President, Mr Anthony… In "Education" By GRACE ALEGBA L-R: Alhaji Tokunbo Korodo, Vice Chairman, Lagos Chapter, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Mrs Funmi Sessi, Lagos State Chairman, NLC and Dr Adelaja Odukoya, ASSU Zonal Coordinator, Lagos State during a stakeholders’ meeting at NLC secretariat in Yaba on Monday in Lagos. LAGOS- The Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC)… In "News"