By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Plateau State Contributory Healthcare Management Agency (PLASCHEMA), a social health insurance scheme, has debunked a report claiming that its Database is porous and unsecured. The health care platform described the malicious report as the handy work of mischief makers who will stop at nothing to discredit a programme tailored to ameliorate the suffering of common citizens. Describing the report as fake, Dr. Fabong Yildam, Director General PLASCHEMA, on Saturday addressed Journalists, saying that at no time did Website Planet notify the Agency of any bridge of beneficiaries data. Yildam stated this while emphasizing on the clause as quoted by Website Planet claiming that it had earlier notified the Agency of their assertion. According to Yildam: “It is important to point out that the claim by Website Planet to have discovered beneficiaries’ information in the open during their web mapping project does not hold. PLASCHEMA places a very high premium on the Data of our beneficiaries. We do not for any reason condone unwarranted access to the personal data of beneficiaries. We shall not rest until we unravel any malicious third party that is attempting to undo PLASCHEMA”, he said. The Agency lauded its ICT experts who have continued to work round the clock ensuring that beneficiaries information is well secured. “Since inception we have worked with the best ICT company who have ensured our systems are properly set up and our technology operations are secured, end-to-end”, PLASCHEMA said. By OLUBUKOLA AIYEDOGBON Some beneficiaries of the Kwara Gov’s wife sickle cell warriors health insurance scheme in Ilorin on Sunday (19/06/2022) ILORIN-Mrs Olufolake AbdulRazaq, wife of Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq of Kwara, has enrolled 100 sickle cell patients on the Kwara Health Insurance Scheme.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that… In "Health" By PHILOMINA ATTAH ICPC Chairman, Prof. Bolaji Owasanoye, in a group photograph with the Officials of Interpol and Nigerian delegation, after the signing of Memorandum of Understanding between Heads of Nigerian Law Enforcement Agencies and Interpol in Lyon, France ABUJA- The Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC),… In "News" By POLYCARP AUTA Ahmed Musa JOS- The Super Eagles captain, Ahmed Musa, has donated N100 million to 5,000 widows and other less previleged women in Plateau.Mr Williams Gyang, a member of Musa’s media team, disclosed this in a statement on Tuesday in Jos.Gyang said that the donation was part of… In "Sports"