By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – President of the Senate, Dr Ahmed Lawan and the North East Caucus of our great party, the All Progressives Congress (APC), has congratulated His Excellency, Senator Kashim Ibrahim Shettima, on his nomination as the running mate to the party’s presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, for the 2023 general elections. Asiwaju Tinubu and APC have made an excellent choice in Senator Shettima. Lawan in a statement he personally signed on behalf of the group and made available to newsmen, said the former two-term Governor of Borno State entered public service with impeccable credentials, which he has burnished by demonstrating great competence, integrity and courage in all the positions that he has held. “His background in academics and the private sector prepared him for the achievements that he has recorded in politics as Governor and since his election to the Senate in 2019. “A loyal and committed member of our party, Senator Shettima has what it takes to be an excellent running mate to our flag bearer, and insha Allah, the Vice President of Federal Republic of Nigeria from next year. “We of the North East Caucus of the APC attest that Senator Kashim Ibrahim Shettima is the right man for the job and that he will be an able and loyal lieutenant to our incoming President, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, insha Allah. “We as a Caucus pledge our full cooperation and support to our candidates as we march again towards another resounding victory in the general elections. “We enjoin all members of our party across Nigeria too to give the APC Standard bearer and his running mate their utmost support. “We also assure Nigerians that the choices that our party has made in our presidential ticket are for the best of our country. •Borno Governor Prof. Babagana Zulum MAIDUGIRI - Borno State Governor, Prof. Babagana Zulum, has described the choice of his predecessor, Kashim Shettima, on Sunday, as the Vice Presidential Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) as the wisest decision by the presidential flag bearer of the party, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu.… In "Politics" By ISMAILA CHAFE President Muhammadu Buhari and Senator Bola Ahmed Tinubu ABUJA- The All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Candidate for the 2023 General Elections, Sen. Bola Tinubu, has officially announced former Gov.  Kashim Shettima of Borno as his running mate.Tinubu made the announcement on Sunday while briefing journalists after a… In "Politics" By YAKUBU UBA Governor Babagana Zulum MAIDUGURI- Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno says Bola Tinubu, the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, made the “wisest choice” by choosing Sen. Kashim Shettima as his running mate.Tinubu, the Presidential Candidate of the party for the 2023 election, on Sunday announced Shettima as his… In "Politics"