By TAIYE OLAYEMI LAGOS- Renowned Playwright and Poet, Prof. Olu Obafemi, on Wednesday described Prof. Wole Soyinka as a trail blazer in the arts industry and the country in general.Obafemi, a Professor of English Literature and Dramatic Literature at the University of Ilorin, Kwara, said this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) while congratulating Soyinka on the occasion of his 88th birthday.According to him, Soyinka is a trail blazer in the humanities, who  has made the humanities proud.“He is a source of inspiration who has used his talent in literature to advance the course of humanity.“Soyinka has been at the forefront of human emancipation, social and national reconstruction and transformation,” Obafemi said.He said that Soyinka was one who had contributed immensely to nation building through exploration of the humanities.According to him, Soyinka has been a crusader of justice, who has continued to lend his voice to freedom, human rights and social justice.He said the celebrator had taught individuals to desist from being silent in the face of injustice and inequality.“He has been rewarded with series of recognitions across the globe but these are not just for him but for the African arts and civilisation.“Soyinka stands up on behalf of the downtroddens and the deprived. He is indeed a blessing to mankind, I wish him beautiful years ahead and a happy birthday,” he said. (NAN) By MUFTAU OGUNYEMI Professor Wole Soyinka AKURA- Nobel Laureate and renowned playwright, Prof . Wole Soyinka, has described the attack on St. Francis Catholic Church, Owo, Ondo State, where many worshippers were killed, as a message to the entire people of South-West. Soyinka made his view known on Friday while… In "News" •Late Prof Femi Soyinka IBADAN - Renowned Nigerian academic, researcher and former Provost of the College of Health Sciences of Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife, Prof. Femi Soyinka, is dead. A statement signed on behalf of the family by his son, Ayodele Soyinka, disclosed that Prof. Soyinka, aged 85 and younger… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The President of the International Writers Association (IWA), Dr. Mary Hilaire Tavenner has approved the appointment of Wole Adedoyin to oversee the newly created branch of the Association in Nigeria. This was disclosed to newsmen via a letter signed by the Vice President… In "Top Stories"