By SUNDAY JOHN LAFIA – A group under the aegis of Northern APC Youths Counselling Forum on Sunday endorsed Bola Tinubu for President and Governor Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State for second term in the 2023 general elections. An activist, Yusuf Nasir, Chairman of the forum, made the endorsement at an interaction with newsmen in Lafia, Nasarawa State. According to him, the endorsement is necessitated by their contributions to stabilisation of democracy in the country, towards transforming the various sectors of the economy. He said Tinibu had carried out a lot of projects while serving as the governor of Lagos State from 1999-2007. “He is a detrabilised Nigerian because as governor, a lot of northerners, Igbos and Yurubas from other states served under him. “So we decided to mobilise people for him to reciprocate the gesture of physical and human capacity development done to Nigerians across the country, irrespective of tribe or religion affiliation,” he added. The group also called on the people of Nasarawa State to re-elect Gov. Sule for another term to enable him to consolidate and continue his transformational projects and policies. He explained that the governor in the last three years, had done well in security, education, economy, youths empowerment and development, among others. He said the group took the decision to endorse the duo after sincere deliberation on the current political situation in the country and developmental stride of APC. He added that the records of achievements of the duo and the value they added to democracy had endeared them to the majority of the people in the state and country. (NAN). By SUNDAY JOHN Senator Umaru Al Makura LAFIA- Sen. Umaru Al-Makura (APC- Nasarawa ) says the choice of Sen. Bola Tinubu as the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) is the best for Nigeria at this time given his pedigree.Al-Makura who is a member of the ‘Think-Tank of… In "Politics" By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE Senator Bola Tinubu ABUJA- Mr Bayo Onanuga, Director, Media and Communications, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu Presidential Campaign Organisation, has assured that all pro Tinubu support groups will be properly integrated into the mainstream ahead of 2023 general elections.He gave the assurance on Tuesday in Abuja when Board… In "Politics" By IDOWU GABRIEL Senator Bola Tinubu ADO-EKITI- The Presidential Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Sen. Bola Tinubu, has boasted that no political party can wrestle power from the rulling APC.He said APC has brought so much development to the country that it will be difficult for any other… In "Politics"