ABUJA – Social media influencer, Mrs Aisha Yesufu and some other Nigerians on Twitter have protested the choice of the former Governor of Borno State, Kashim Shettima as the running mate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu. Tinubu is a Muslim, just as his running mate, Shettima. Nigerians on Twitter said presenting two Muslims for the position of President and Vice President is insulting to Christians as it creates the impression that they don’t matter in the political scheme of things. A tweet by activist, Aisha Yesufu, on her Twitter handle @AishaYesufu, said: “A Muslim-Muslim ticket is an insult to fairness, equity and justice. It is see finish. It is impunity of the worst kind. It is disrespect to people of the federal Republic of Nigeria. It shows they have little regards for people and think their structure is more valuable.” She added: “The present disastrous President in office is a Muslim who has gathered other Muslims in a very unfair & disproportionate manner around him to lead the country into the sorry state it is in. People have been crying about this unfairness & his party presents Muslim-Muslim ticket!” A tweet by @naijamadenurse says: “I am a devoted Muslim, but I say no to a Muslim Muslim ticket. I am with my Christian brothers and sisters on this. Nigeria isn’t made for a set of people. Enough of this nonsense.” @biodinalexa said: “Tinubu running a Muslim Muslim ticket by choosing Shettima is his choice. He believes Muslims alone in the SW & the North can give him his Victory. Nigeria finally belongs to Muslims alone according to APC. Everyone vote your choice. Thank God there is a third candidate in Obi.” @BetaKoncept said: “Before you consider Muslim Muslim ticket at Presidential level,check out what is happening in Kaduna state where it has been tested & found defective.If Tinubu can’t see any good Christian VP from the whole North,it implies there is no regard for Northern Christians.” @sobafemi said: “The mere fact that BAT insists on going with a MUSLIM-MUSLIM ticket is why he is not suitable to lead Nigeria at this time when the nation has been so polarized by PMB’s government. Why would a “visionary” leader insist on what suits him IRRESPECTIVE of the implications?” By ISMAILA CHAFE President Muhammadu Buhari and Senator Bola Ahmed Tinubu ABUJA- The All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Candidate for the 2023 General Elections, Sen. Bola Tinubu, has officially announced former Gov.  Kashim Shettima of Borno as his running mate.Tinubu made the announcement on Sunday while briefing journalists after a… In "Politics" Bola Tinubu (left) and Kashim Shettima ABUJA - Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), has explained why he settled for a fellow Muslim, Kashim Shettima, as running mate.  Tinubu picked Shettima, the former governor of Borno State, as his running mate on Sunday, despite… In "Top Stories" •Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, APC presidential candidate That the All Progressives Congress (APC) flag bearer, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, is exactly where the party’s last presidential candidate President Muhammadu Buhari was when he got the ticket eight years ago, shows just how our politics has stagnated, if not regressed. After… In "Column - Thursday"