By IBIRONKE ARIYO ABUJA- President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Mr  Dauda Biu, as the Acting Corps Marshal of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), following the retirement of Mr Boboye Oyeyemi. Oyeyemi said this when he handed over to Biu at the FRSC headquartres on Monday in Abuja. This is contained in a statement by the Corps Public Education Officer (CPEO) Assistant Corps Marshal (ACM) Bisi Kazeem on Monday in Abuja. Oyeyemi said that Biu’s appointment took effect from July 24 and wished him a successful tenure as he assumed office. Speaking, FRSC Board Chairman, Malam Bukhari Bello congratulated Bello on his appointment and urged him to sustain the tempo as well as ensure that he justify his appointment. Bello said that the former Corps Marshal laid a good foundation for the corps and urged the acting corps marshal to continue where he stopped. Biu appreciated the management of the FRSC and the presidency for the appointment and pledged to justify the appointment. Before his appointment, Biu was the Deputy Corps Marshal, Finance and Accounts at the FRSC headquarters. He joined the FRSC in 1988 and has had a fruitful career working across several formations. He holds a Master’s degree in Business Administration (MBA) from Ahmadu Bello University and was the Assistant Corps Marshal (ACM) Finance and Accounts in 2014 before becoming the DCM in 2016. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the former Corps Marshal, FRSC, Boboye Oyeyemi retired from service on Sunday, July 24. (NAN) By IBIRONKE ARIYO L-R . Osita Chidoka, former Corps Marshal, FRSC, Boboye Oyeyemi, Corps Marshal, FRSC, Goodluck Jonathan, former President of Nigeria and Bisi Kazeem, Corps Public Education Officer, FRSC when the former President came to renew his driver’s licence in FRSC Headquarters, Abuja today ABUJA- Former President Goodluck Jonathan… In "News" By IBIRONKE ARIYO Vice President Yemi Osinbajo ABUJA- The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) said that Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo, was not involved in an accident on Monday but helped to rescue an accident victim along Airport Road, Abuja. The Corps Public Education Officer, Mr Bisi Kazeem, made the disclosure in… In "Metro" By IBIRONKE ARIYO ABUJA- The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) says targeted enforcement is needed to ensure unlicensed drivers and unregistered vehicles plying the roads got licensed and captured on the database.The Deputy Corps Marshal, (DCM) in charge of Motor Vehicle Administration, Mr Hyginus Fuomsuk, said this during the FRSC… In "Metro"