By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has mourned the death of the Secretary-General of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), Mohammed Barkindo. Lawan describes the sudden death of Barkindo, who was to conclude his  second term at OPEC at the end of July, as tragic. The Senate President describes Barkindo’s leadership of the global oil cartel as exemplary, noting that the deceased worked assiduously to build cooperation between OPEC and non-OPEC countries to save the energy market at a time of a global crisis.Lawan says Barkindo’s pragmatic approach and hard work at the critical time brought stability to the volatile oil market. The Senate President says Barkindo’s stewardship at OPEC made him a pride for Nigeria and Africa, adding that his death is a monumental loss to Nigeria, the world and particularly to the global energy community. “The  news of the tragic death of OPEC Secretary-General, Mohammed Barkindo, came to me as a rude shock. “Barkindo’s exemplary leadership at the global oil cartel brought stability to the ever volatile oil market. “The world will remember him for how he was able to rally both the OPEC and non-OPEC members together to save the energy market.“The world will miss him and particularly the global energy community,” Lawan says. The Senate President also condoles with the Government and people of Adamawa State over the great loss. Lawan prays Allah to forgive the sins of the departed and accept his soul into Aljannah Firdaus.Signed:Ola AwoniyiSpecial Adviser(Media)to President of the Senate By IKENNA UWADILEKE Senator Orji Uzor Kalu ABUJA- Sen. Orji Kalu, the Chief Whip of the Senate, has described death of the   Secretary-General of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), DrMohammed Barkindo as a huge loss to Nigeria.Kalu, in a condolence message issued on Thursday in Abuja, acknowledged the… In "News" By IKENNA UWADILEKE Late Muhammad Barkindo ABUJA- Sen. Orji Kalu, the Chief Whip of the Senate, has described death of the   Secretary-General of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), DrMohammed Barkindo as a huge loss to Nigeria.Kalu, in a condolence message issued on Thursday in Abuja, acknowledged the remarkable… In "News" By SOLOMON ASOWATA The late OPEC Secretary General, Dr Mohammed Barkindo during his meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday in Abuja. ABUJA- Dr Mohammed Barkindo, the Secretary-General, Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), is dead.Mr Mele Kyari, the Group Managing Director, Nigerian National Petroleum Company (NNPC), confirmed the… In "News"