As bettors, before you place your next bet on ILOT BET, you need to understand that linesmen or lineswomen are extremely important in a football game. The information in this article will better your understanding on how you see linesmen popularly known as assistant referees. In most professional football events, the match officiating crew usually consists of the center referee and at least two assistant referees. Newly included is a Video Assistant Referee. Linesmen rarely enter the field of play, as they remain on the touchline for most of the game. If needed, a linesman can enter the field of play to assist the referee during free kick procedures, specifically to help enforce the 10 yards law. Linesmen also help the referee when scuffles or fights occur. According to the FIFA Laws of the Game, the nearest assistant referee may enter the field of play to assist the referee in situations of mass confrontation. Linesmen decide when the ball has gone out of play. They are able to look directly along both the touchline and goal line, something that the referee is normally unable to do. When the whole of the ball has left the field, the linesman raises his flag to signal the need for a throw-in, goal kick or corner kick. When the ball leaves the field of play, the linesman decides which team is entitled to the ensuing throw-in, goal kick or corner kick. As with all other refereeing decisions, the referee himself has the final word and can overturn the linesman’s decision if deemed necessary. The linesman raises his flag when he spots a player in an offside position. This is one of his most difficult tasks. It often involves a split-second decision in a potentially match-winning situation. When a manager or coach wants to make a substitution, the manager will inform the linesman in charge of the touchline closest to the team technical area. It is then the linesman’s duty to inform the referee of the requested change. Keeping one eye on 22 players is an impossible task for the referee. The linesman, therefore, acts as a second pair of eyes. It is his duty to indicate when an incident occurs out of the referee’s view. The referee is expected to act on the linesman’s advice regarding incidents that he did not witness himself. The linesman has two key duties during penalty kicks, both of which involve looking along the goal line. He must first decide whether the goalkeeper moved off the goal line before the penalty-taker kicked the ball. He must then decide whether the whole ball crossed the goal line. Now that you have more information about the importance of the assistant referee, you can better understand the game of football and make better decisions when placing bets on your favorite football teams. To enjoy the best odds on sport events, log on to www.ilot.ng and get the best betting experience in 9ja! By JOSEPH EDEH BERLIN- FIFA says it will use semi-automatic offside technology at the November to December World Cup to make video assistant decisions faster and more reliable.Football’s world governing body said on Friday that the system would be used in all 64 matches in Qatar.The new offside technology was tested… In "Sports" London- Women referees have been selected to officiate at a men’s FIFA World Cup finals for the first time.Stephanie Frappart of France, Salima Mukansanga from Rwanda and Yoshimi Yamashita from Japan have been included on FIFA’s official list of 36 referees for the tournament in Qatar later this year.Three women are… In "Sports" Lafia- The Nasarawa State Football Referees Council says its membership drive has yielded dividends with the registration of more than 132 referees in the state. The Chairman of the Council, Alhaji Adamu Amore, said this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Lafia. He… In "Sports"