By ABDUL HASSAN KADUNA- Sen. Uba Sani, the All Progressives Congress (APC) Kaduna State governorship candidate, says the state will deliver maximum votes to Asiwaju Bola Tinubu in the 2023 presidential election.Sani, also the Senator representing Kaduna Central at the National Assembly, said this at the inauguration of Sen. Kashim Shettima, the APC Vice-Presidential Candidate, as the Chairman of the Arewa Women for Tinubu (AWT) support group in Kaduna on Friday.“Am here to also deliver a goodwill message from my brother, Gov. Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State.“I want to also say that El-Rufai is totally in support of our brother, His Excellency, Sen. Kashim Shettima; we have worked together, we are brothers and we are friends,” he said.Sani also debunked speculation that there was cold war between Shettima and El-Rufai describing it as malicious and unfounded.He pledged that the APC would secure most of its winning votes in 2023 from Kaduna State due to the popularity of El-Rufai.Sani said that when the news broke that Shettima had been selected as Tinubu’s running mate, El-Rufai was one of the few individuals that reached out to the Senator to congratulate him.“Unfortunately, some people obviously ignorant of the cordial relationship between El-Rufai and Shettima tried to spread false news about them especially using the social media.“I assure you and I stand to be quoted that Kaduna State will deliver the highest votes for the Tinubu/ Shettima ticket in 2023,” Uba said.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that highlight of the event was the presention of an award from the AWT to Shettima, the Tinubu’s running mate for 2023 poll. (NAN) By YAKUBU UBA Governor Babagana Zulum MAIDUGURI- Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno says Bola Tinubu, the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, made the “wisest choice” by choosing Sen. Kashim Shettima as his running mate.Tinubu, the Presidential Candidate of the party for the 2023 election, on Sunday announced Shettima as his… In "Politics" By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE Senator Bola Tinubu, Senator Kashim Shettima ABUJA- The All Progressives Congress (APC) Professionals’ Forum has promised to galvanise professionals within and outside the country to support the Tinubu/Shettima presidential ticket for a resounding election victory in 2023.Dr Nkem Okeke, the forum’s Board of Trustees (BoT) Acting Chairman… In "Politics" By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE ABUJA- An interest group, GYB Network 4 Asiwaju, on Tuesday in Abuja, said it would ensure massive mobilisation of voters across Kogi and beyond to enthrone a Tinubu-Shettima presidency in 2023.The group’s Coordinator in Kogi, Alhaji Haddy Ametuo, who gave the pledge in a statement issued in Abuja,… In "Politics"