…As Max Amuchie is formally decorated as 6th President of Rotary Club Abuja CBD. …. Opens up on why he dumped PDP for APGA. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former Minority Leader of the Senate and Vocal Crusader for Good Governance, Distinguished Senator Enyinnaya Harcourt Abaribe has tasked Nigerians to interrogate the actions of the major gladiators and current players ahead of the 2023 general elections using the Rotary’s four way test as a guide. Recall that the four way test are: “Is it the Truth? Is it Fair to all concerned? Will it build Goodwill and Better Friendship? Will it be Beneficial to all concerned? Abaribe urged Rotarians in particular and Nigerians in general to use these as guage to know if their actions are compliant. He made the call on Friday at the formal decoration of Maxwell Amuchie as the 6th President of Rotary Club Abuja CBD and fund raising and award ceremony held at Chelsea hotel, Abuja. Abaribe, who was the Chairman of the occasion asked Nigerians to hold leaders accountable and get involved in the electoral process, reminding that it was Abraham Lincoln’s which says, “it’s not the qualified voters, but the qualified voters who choose to vote, that constitutes political power’. In his words: “As the electorate, we must hold our leaders accountable. So, as we get involved in the processes leading to the 2023 general election, we must look out for the truth and must be able to extract it from the prospective leaders, which must serve as an instrument to hold government accountable to the people. Let us be wary of fake promises made on the spur of the moment now that we are having unknown god’s men (UGM) otherwise known as Agbado Bishops. The former Deputy Governor of Abia State used the opportunity to break his silence on why he dumped the Peoples Democratic Party(PDP) and pitched tent with the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), said it was because the PDP subverted its own constitution. Hear him: “I have always been on the side of truth, in fact at some points it became my albatross. Recall that despite my consistency in raising issues of urgent public concerns and advocating for good governance, by consistently reminding the government of their promises to the Nigerian people and why they must uphold such, yet my former party, the Peoples Democratic Party still looked the other way and subverted their own constitution, just to embrace untruth apparently to satisfy the selfish interest of some individuals.” Abaribe however, stressed that he will continue to uphold the ideal Democratic principles, embedded in truth and honour, and that he will continue to say the truth and stand by it. He condemned the unprecedented level of injustice in Nigeria today and the attendant disrespect of country’s diversity and distortion of our national cohesion. Earlier in her valedictory speech, Rotarian Anne Uche Obi who reminded that under her leadership, they accomplished a lot as a club and made bold to say that Rotary Club of Abuja CBD is a name to reckon with. Adding that she covered the seven areas of focus. The immediate past President also promised to support the Synergy President, Rotarian Maxwell Amuchie to deliver and surpass her achievement as that is the way to go. The new president of Rotary Club of Abuja CBD, Maxwell Amuchie in his acceptance speech, chronicled how the four way test he read on the wall when he visited a friend in office in Lagos made him develop passion for rotary. He said the dictates of the four way test Is in alignment with his believe about life. He therefore promised to take the Club to a mega Club status and to wipe away the tears I’m the eyes of the indigent as their pocket can carry and to ensure that a block of classrooms are built to completion with toilets for the Club’s adopted Gidam Gimba village in Nasarawa state among other interventions. He said that the passion is there, the zeal is there and the interest is there – he is set to surpass the achievement of the immediate past President who actually did a lot. Sundiata Post recalls that the high points of the occasion was the decoration of Rotarian Max Amuchie as the 6th President of Rotary Club of Abuja CBD. Other dignitaries who attended the event are; Minister of Women Affairs, who was the mother of the day, Pauline Tallen represented by her S.A Technical, Princess Jummai; Director General of National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, Brigadier General Bubba Marwa (rtd), represented by Mrs Victoria Basset., Ambassador Yuguda, AIG Ugomuo (rtd), among others. Highlights of the occasion was the award of members who brought in new members in the outgoing year. By NAOMI SHARANG ABUJA- Sen. Eyinnaya Abaribe (APGA-Abia) has called on the electorate to be wary of fake promises and elect credible leaders.in the 2023 general elections.He made the call on Friday, at the investiture of Rotarian Max Amuchie, the 6th President of the Rotary Club of Abuja (Central Business… In "Politics" Max Amuchie,President, Rotary Club of Abuja CBD ABUJA - Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe, former Senate Minority Leader will on Friday (today) chair the investiture of Rotarian Max Amuchie as the 6th President of the Rotary Club of Abuja CBD. In a statement issued on Thursday, Rotarian Evelyn Onyilo, a Past Assistant… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Rotarian Maxwell Amuchie on Friday July 1, 2022 received the mantle of leadership as the President of the Rotary Club of Abuja CBD for 2022/2023 year at New Chelsea Hotel, Central Business District Abuja. In his welcome speech after his decoration as the… In "Top Stories"