By YAKUBU UBA MAIDUGURI- Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno says Bola Tinubu, the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, made the “wisest choice” by choosing Sen. Kashim Shettima as his running mate.Tinubu, the Presidential Candidate of the party for the 2023 election, on Sunday announced Shettima as his running mate.Shettima, who has served as Senator for Borno Central since 2019, served as the Governor of Borno from 2011 to 2019.Zulum described Shettima as a politician with a “very deep understanding of our country a“I receive with the greatest joy, the announcement of my mentor, Sen. Kashim Shettima as the Vice Presidential candidate of our party, the APC and insha’Allah, the next Vice President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.“Shettima’s choice is very personal to me. We shall campaign vigorously, work day and night, to collectively secure overwhelming victory for the APC in 2023, insha’Allah,” Zulum said.The governor described Shettima as a patriotic person who believes in the unity of Nigeria and he has always proved it on many occasions, adding that he has more to say on Shettima but would reserved it for campaign.He noted as someone with deep knowledge of economy, Shettima predicted the fall in oil revenue and value of naira which prompted him to import agricultural products with over N30bn making Borno to be one of the richest state in terms of agricultural machinery.The governor expressed the gratitude of the people of Borno to President Muhammadu  Buhari for his leadership and support for the choice of Shettima as running mate. (NAN) •Borno Governor Prof. Babagana Zulum MAIDUGIRI - Borno State Governor, Prof. Babagana Zulum, has described the choice of his predecessor, Kashim Shettima, on Sunday, as the Vice Presidential Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) as the wisest decision by the presidential flag bearer of the party, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu.… In "Politics" By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE Senator Bola Tinubu, Senator Kashim Shettima ABUJA- The All Progressives Congress (APC) Professionals’ Forum has promised to galvanise professionals within and outside the country to support the Tinubu/Shettima presidential ticket for a resounding election victory in 2023.Dr Nkem Okeke, the forum’s Board of Trustees (BoT) Acting Chairman… In "Politics" By ISMAILA CHAFE President Muhammadu Buhari and Senator Bola Ahmed Tinubu ABUJA- The All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Candidate for the 2023 General Elections, Sen. Bola Tinubu, has officially announced former Gov.  Kashim Shettima of Borno as his running mate.Tinubu made the announcement on Sunday while briefing journalists after a… In "Politics"