By Chibuike Nwabuko ABUJA (Sundiata Post) – Founder of Baze University, Abuja, Senator Yusuf Datti Baba-Ahmed has emerged Labour Party’s vice presidential candidate for the 2023 election and will be officially unveiled on Friday. An impeccable source within the Labour Pary hierarchy said Baba-Ahmed finally made up his mind after intensive discussions last Wednesday night. He was formally billed to be announced Thursday afternoon but it had to be shifted to Friday morning so that Presidential Candidate Peter Obi, who was said to be out of Abuja could witness his unveiling. The Labour Party had to shift attention to Senator Baba-Ahmed after the crash of the initial romance with the New Nigerian People’s Party chieftain, Senator Rabiu Kwankwaso, who declined to be Obi’s running mate. The source further said the choice of the former Senator, who is also an economist and a well known anti-corruption crusader elicited resounding excitements among the supporters of Obi who believe that they will make a perfect team. The former Senator represented Zaria Federal Constituency of Kaduna State in the House of Representatives from 2003 to 2097 and was elected Senator for Kaduna North 2011 under the umbrella of All Nigerian People’s Party, (ANPP). He is the founder and Pro-chancellor of Baze University Abuja and the the Baze University Hospital which is said to be the biggest private hospital in Africa. Sundiata Post can authoritatively report that Dr Doyin Okupe has withdrawn his holding place to pave way for Baba-Ahmed as substitute. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Doyin Okupe, the Director-General of Mr Peter Obi's Presidential Campaign Organisation has formally resigned his holder's position as the running mate to the Labour Party Presidential candidate. Dr Okupe tendered his resignation letter on Thursday to pave way for the presentation of Yusuf… In "Top Stories" Dr Doyin Okupe ABUJA - Labour Party has submitted Doyin Okupe's name as running mate to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC).Sundiata Post learnt that Okupe’s name was submitted to beat the June 17 deadline given by INEC to political parties. The Labour Party has submitted the name of Doyin… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Presidential candidate of Labour Party (LP), Peter Obi has returned to Nigeria on Saturday, after a three-day trip to Egypt. Obi’s arrival was announced on a popular microblogging site, Twitter. A social activist, who identifies as @Comradephils tweeted, “Leader of the new Nigeria, @peterobi arrives at… In "Top Stories"