KATSINA – Kastina Police Command said on Tuesday that terrorists numbering over 300 on motorcycles, shooting sporadically with AK 47 rifles and General Purpose Machine Guns (GPMG), ambushed and killed Area Commander, Dutsinma, ACP Aminu Umar and a gallant officer while on clearance operation of recalcitrant terrorists, in Zakka forest, Safana Local Government Area of Katsina state. Confirming the report, the State Command Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), SP Gambo Isah said the Area Commander and one other officerq gallantly lost their lives during a cross exchange of gun fire. “Today 06/07/2022 at about (sic) 1130hrs, a distress call was received that terrorists numbering over three hundred (300), on motorcycles, shooting sporadically with AK 47 rifles and General Purpose Machine Guns (GPMG), ambushed ACP Aminu Umar, Area Commander, Dutsinma and team, while on clearance operation of recalcitrant bandits/terrorists, in Zakka forest, Safana LGA of Katsina state. “Consequently, the Area Commander and one other gallantly lost their lives during a cross exchange of gun fire,” he said. The Commissioner of Police, CP Idrisu Dabban Dauda, on behalf of the officers and men of the Command expressed his deep sympathy to the family of the deceased and prayed to the Almighty Allah to repose their souls in Jannatul Firdausi. He reaffirmed the Nigeria Police Force’s commitment to the ongoing onslaught against terrorism in the state until they were completely routed. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - In what appears to be a daring adventure, suspected terrorists on Tuesday, near Dutsinma, Katsina State, ambushed the convoy of cars conveying the Presidency’s advance team of security guards, protocol and media officers, killing two policemen in the process. The Presidency officials were… In "Top Stories" The Katsina State Police Command said it killed one bandit, recovered one AK 47 and 50 rustled cows after its men repelled over 40 armed bandits riding on motorcycle who stormed Gago Village in Dutsima Local Government Area of the state. The Police spokesman in the state, SP Gambo Isah… In "Security" By MUHAMMAD NASIR SOKOTO - The Nigeria Army on Monday said it had recovered no fewer than 706 small arms and light weapons from bandits and criminal elements within areas of operation in Katsina, Zamfara, Sokoto and Kebbi States.The Force Commander, Operation Hadarin Daji, Maj-Gen. Uwem Bassey, gave the figure… In "Security"