By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Benue State Governor Samuel Ortom has reiterated his commitment to serve God and humanity no matter the amount of challenges he faces. The Governor stated this Sunday July 31st, 2022 at the Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG “The Master’s Place”, Utako, Abuja while testifying to the goodness of God. He explained that at the point of given his life to God, he made a promise to worship Him with his whole strength, stressing that he is committed to keeping that promise. The Chief Press Secretary to Benue state Governor, Nathaniel Ikyur stated this on Sunday in a statement he signed and made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja. According to the statement, the Governor attributed his courage in speaking the truth about the evil happening in the country due to the impartation of God in his life and his desire to see that things are done properly. He pointed out that the Church was the main target of attacks being perpetrated by Islamic extremists whose desire is to claim the country as their own. Governor Ortom advised Christians to stop paying lip service in worshipping God to enable him help them to realise what they need to do for God to change the hopeless situation the country has found itself. In his sermon, Pastor Micheal Ajiboye who hinged his preaching on the need for Christians to remain awake at all times admonished them to fast and pray without ceasing.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has sent a message of felicitation to the Catholic Bishop of Gboko, Most Reverend William Avenya on his 67th birthday. The Governor in a goodwill message to the Bishop described him as a distinguished servant of God and… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - No matter the pressure from any quarter, the Open Grazing Prohibition Law of  Benue State Government will not be repealed. This was contained in a statement signed by the Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja on Sunday.… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has restated the commitment of his administration to prioritizing the welfare of traditional rulers in the State. Governor Ortom spoke on Thursday, June 30th, 2022 during the coronation and installation of the new Och'Idoma 5th, His Royal Majesty,… In "Top Stories"