By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Labour Party Candidate Peter Obi has said he would turn the vast land in the northern part of the country into aggressive agricultural production and support farmers with the right policy and funds. He added that Kano and Kaduna would serve as the processing and export centres for the agricultural products that would come from the harvests from the farms. The Labour Party standard bearer who was a guest on Arise Television popular Morning Show programme said it was regrettable that over the years Nigeria had not been able transform its vast land assets into meaningful productive use. On the issue of congections at the lagos ports, Mr Peter Obi described the developments as human induced which could easily be solved. He stressed that a situation where an importer would get his goods into the country from Eruope within two weeks and spent three months to clear it out of the ports were unacceptable. “We will engage competent people to do the work and edge out those who constitute obstacle to the smooth operations and processing to ensure prompt releases of goods so that things can change. Obi further added that other ports especially the PortHacourt Sea Port would be properly activated to function so as to assist in the decongection of the Lagos Ports. On the cyber bullying by his supporters, the Labour Party flag bearer noted that those who engage in such act were infiltrators sponsored by his opponents to discredit them. He cited the example of the viral picture showing his son as an IPOB apologist stressing that such was part of the many negative attacks on him being sponsored by his opponents. Obi disclosed that his son since he started working after graduation had never accepted a single pound sterling from him because he was always concerned that there were mire needy people in Nigeria he should rather help than he because he was comfortable. The Presidential hopeful further disclosed that his two children were so concerned about the future of the country that his daughter after her schooling in England decided to come home to teach in secondary school in Nigeria because of her passion for the future of Nigerian youths. Mr Peter Obi while reacting to the issue of restructuring had this to say, “the type of restructuring l will like see will be in the ceding of certain things that can be better handled by the states, for instance the security and education” which according to him would be better under the states. By AISHA GAMBO •Peter Obi Kaduna- Former governor of Anambra, Peter Obi, says he will invest in the youth and create job opportunities, if elected president in the 2023 general elections.Obi said this on Monday in Kaduna while interacting with People’s Democratic Party (PDP) delegates and seeking their support in… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The north is now well educated and adequately mobilised to support Peter Obi's candidature in the forthcoming 2023 presidential election.These were the submission of Dr Yunusa Tanko, the spokesman for the Third Force in a press statement issued in Abuja. Dr Tanko who… In "Top Stories" By PRECIOUS AKUTAMADU Mr Peter Obi PORT HARCOURT- The Presidential Candidate of the Labour Party for the 2023 general elections, Mr Peter Obi, on Monday stated that the unemployment of 100 million Nigerians was responsible for the widespread poverty in the country.Obi spoke at a one-day international colloquium in Port… In "Politics"