By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Doyin Okupe, the Director-General of Mr Peter Obi’s Presidential Campaign Organisation has formally resigned his holder’s position as the running mate to the Labour Party Presidential candidate. Dr Okupe tendered his resignation letter on Thursday to pave way for the presentation of Yusuf Datti Baba-Ahmed as his substitute. The party’s National Chairman Barrister Julius Abure who confirmed Dr Okupe’s resignation, assured Obi’s supporters that Senator Baba-Ahmed would be unveiled Friday. He disclosed that his unveiling was initially scheduled to hold Thursday afternoon but had to be shifted to Friday due to the inability of the presidential candidate Mr Peter Obi to get into Abuja on Thursday as expected. Abure further added that Mr Obi travelled to Maiduguri, Borno State capital and was billed to return to Abuja Thursday for the ceremony but unfortunately his flight was cancelled. Senator Yusuf Datti Baba-Ahmed was penciled down as Peter Obi’s running mate after an intense discussions last Wednesday night. The Labour Party had to shift attention to Senator Baba-Ahmed after the crash of the initial romance with the New Nigerian People’s Party Chieftain, Senator Rabiu Kwankwaso who declined to be Obi’s running mate. The source further said the choice of the former Senator, who is also an economist and a well known anti corruption crusader elicited resounding excitements among the supporters of Obi who believe that they will make a perfect team. Senator Baba-Ahmed who is in his forties is also considered by Obi’s supporters who are mostly youths as a good bridge between the old and younger generations. Pairing with a much younger person like Baba-Ahmed is equally considering as a means to seamless transition to the new breeds of leadership in the country. Sundiata Post recalls that the former Senator represented Zaria Federal Constituency of Kaduna State in the House of Representatives from 2003 to 2097 and was elected Senator for Kaduna North 2011 under the umbrella of All Nigerian People’s Party, (ANPP). He is the founder and Pro-chancellor of Baze University Abuja and the Baze University Hospital which is said to be the biggest private hospital in Africa today. By Chibuike Nwabuko ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Founder of Baze University, Abuja, Senator Yusuf Datti Baba-Ahmed has emerged Labour Party's vice presidential candidate for the 2023 election and will be officially unveiled on Friday. An impeccable source within the Labour Pary hierarchy said Baba-Ahmed finally made up his mind after… In "Politics" •Peter Obi Labour Party ABUJA - Leaders of Labour Party on Wednesday said that the party’s presidential candidate, Mr. Peter Obi; and his New Nigerian Peoples Party, NNPP, counterpart, Senator Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, are still in talks to field a joint ticket for the 2023 presidential poll. In separate chats,… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Labour Party has unveils Doyin Okupe as Peter Obi’s running mate. Okupe’s name was submitted as part of the plan to beat the Friday June 17 deadline given by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to political parties. Okupe, who is the… In "News"