By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Senior Pastor, Dunamis International Gospel Centre, Dr Paul Enenche says God called him into his ministry in Plateau. Enenche made the disclosure on Thursday in Jos when he arrived for a 3-day crusade with the theme; ‘The Lord Reigneth’. “My calling was at Gana Ropp in Barkin Ladi Local Government Area of Plateau where I went to pray. “God gave me the direction for the ministry here in Plateau and if time permits, I will visit the place and other places before I leave,” he said. The excited cleric who described Plateau as his home, said that Jos is like Bethel for his family. He said that he did his medical school in Jos, got married to his wife and gave birth to their first child in Jos. Enenche stated that his mission to Plateau was to pray for the liberation of the State from the devil’s grip. “We will pray for the dismantling of the principalities in the territory and for every darkness responsible for the destruction called violence. “By the authority of the Lord, we will destroy the devil and establish the dominion and rulership of Jesus Christ over the territory,” he said. According to him, they would also pray for enduring peace in Plateau and Nigeria. By MARTHA AGAS Gov Simon Lalong of Plateau , at the monthly prayer and fasting for the state, held at Government House Chapel Rayfield, on Friday JOS- Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau has declared June 27 and June 28 as work free days to enable eligible voters in the state… In "News" By PETER AMINE Yakubu Sanda JOS- The Speaker, Plateau State House of Assembly, Yakubu Sanda, has dedicated his victory at the All Progressives Congress (APC) primaries for Pengana Constituency to God and his constituents. Sanda, in a statement on Friday in Jos by his Press Secretary, Mr Sabastine Hommuk, said… In "Politics" By MARTHA AGAS/PATIENCE ALIYU •Governor Simon Lalong Jos- Gov Simon Lalong of Plateau has cautioned Plateau people against using religion, politics and ethnicity to create divisions in the state .The governor made the call at the Nzem Berom Cultural Festival on Friday at Rwang Pam Stadium Jos .“We must never… In "News"