By ADEYEMI ADELEYE Lagos- The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Lagos State has described as ‘ridiculous and daydream’, the thoughts that Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) will win the state in the 2023 general elections. The Publicity Secretary of the party, Mr Seye Oladejo, who said this in a statement on Monday in Lagos, explained that the PDP’s victory in Osun governorship election on Saturday, could not be repeated in Lagos. Oladejo said: “Our attention has been drawn to the naive and infantile response of the Lagos state PDP gubernatorial candidate, Jide Adediran, to the outcome of the recently held Osun state governorship election. “While we acknowledge the right to celebrate an unexpected, opportunistic and unaccustomed euphoria, as a result of the election, the excitement was taken to a ridiculous level by day-dreaming of winning the governorship election in Lagos State. He said the opposition party should not equate the forthcoming 2023 governorship election in Lagos, with the PDP primaries. According to him, the PDP’s governorship ticket given Dr Olajide Adediran, popularly called ‘Jandor’ and the ace Nollywood Actress, Funke Akindele, cannot add value to PDP. Oladejo added: “The governance of a model state like Lagos is too important to be entrusted to some day-dreamers, who have absolutely nothing to offer. “While Lagos residents celebrate the landmark and award-winning achievements of Gov. Babajide Sanwo-olu across various sectors with focus on the THEMES mantra, your hope to win the election can only be a mirage. “It is certainly unnatural for the civilised and cosmopolitan citizens of Lagos to be tired of the various developmental strides, and the prospects of doing more in the years ahead. “As we count down to the elections, the governorship/ deputy governorship debates will be an interesting spectacle.” According to him, while the incumbents will “gleefully reel out monumental achievements in office, the opposition will play to its strength with the characteristic comedy of errors”. “We urge Mr. Governor to remain undaunted as he strives to finish strong in the first term of his tenure of office,” the APC Spokesman said. (NAN) By EMMANUEL OLONIRUHA ABUJA- The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has described the July 16 Osun State Governorship election as a low hanging fruit for the party.The party’s National Secretary, Mr Samuel Anyanwu, stated this on Wednesday, in Abuja.He spoke when the party’s Special Reconciliation Committee for Osun and Lagos submitted… In "Politics" By ADEYEMI ADELEYE Mr Tajudeen Adeyemi, former Majority Leader, Osun House of Assembly LAGOS- Mr Tajudeen Adeyemi, a PDP Chieftain in Osun and former Majority Leader of the state House of Assembly, on Friday described the party’s chances as brighter in the forthcoming July 16 governorship election in the state. Adeyemi,… In "Politics" By JOSHUA OLADIPO Senator Ademola Adeleke EDE- The Peoples Democratic Party’s (PDP) governorship candidate in Osun, Sen. Ademola Adeleke, has won his polling unit at the ongoing election in the state.News Agency of Nigeria (NAN ) reports that Adeleke who cast his vote in ward 2 , unit 9 ,… In "Politics"