….. Prays for safety of our citizens throughout the Nation. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Presidential candidate of the Labour Party for the 2023 general election, Dr Peter Obi has felicitated with the brothers and sisters in Nigeria as they celebrate the Hijri today, 30th July 2022. Obi who charged Nigerians to embrace themselves in brotherhood and love, prayed God for unity of the people and safety of our citizens throughout the Nation. The standard bearer of the Labour party who made the call today via his twitter handle, called for a renewed spirit of oneness and nationhood to enable us overcome our many challenges in the months ahead. The tweets read: As our Muslim brothers and sisters mark the Hijri, the Islamic New Year Day, on this 30th day of July, I wish them peace, love, good health and prosperity. In the spirit of the new Islamic year, let us embrace ourselves in brotherhood and love. I pray for unity of our people and safety of our citizens throughout the Nation. In this new season, may we renew within us the spirit of oneness and nationhood to enable us overcome our many challenges in the months ahead. As-salamu alaykum. -PO. By IFEANYI OLANNYE Governor Ifeanyi Okowa ASABA- Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta and Vice-Presidential Candidate of the PDP, has congratulated Muslims in the country as they celebrated the  Eid-el-Kabir.Okowa’s felicitation is contained in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Olisa Ifeajika, on Saturday in Asaba.Okowa urged Muslims to… In "News" By EMMANUEL OLONIRUHA ABUJA- Some presidential candidates in the 2023 polls have urged Christian bodies and Nigerians to be united and keep praying for God’s intervention in the affairs of the country.The candidates made the appeal at the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) 12th General Assembly and leadership transition programme held… In "Politics" By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE ABUJA- The All Progressives Congress (APC) has assured that the President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government will continue to prioritise the well-being and safety of all Nigerians.Mr Felix Morka, the party’s National Publicity Secretary, gave the assurance in a statement in Abuja while felicitating Muslims on the Eid-el-Kabir.He, however,… In "News"