By AHMED KAIGAMA DARAZO(BAUCHI)- Gov. Bala Muhammed of Bauchi State has called on the Federal Government to immediately assist the victims of flood disaster in the state.The News Agency of Nigeria NAN reports that flood damaged more than 100 houses and farmlands in Darazo Local Government Area following a heavy downpour in the state.Mohammmed made the appeal  when he visited affected communities on Monday in Darazo, saying it was very devastating and worrisome.He said that he had earlier sent some government officials to visit the affected area.“But I decided to come myself so that I will have first hand information about the extent of the damage,” he said. The governor called on Federal Government to assist the victims of floods in Darazo, Kirfi, Gamawa and other affected LGAs in the state.He appealed to the government to direct the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) and other relevant humanitarian agencies to act promptly. “I will personally write to call on the Federal Government to wade in, considering the magnitude of the flood as it affected many parts of the state like Kirfi, Gwaram and Gololo among others.”He, however, expressed happiness that no life was lost in the incident and promised them that relief packages would be made available to all the affected communities.Mohammed lamented that the flooding occurred due to water that accumulated outside the town as a result of the ongoing construction work. He noted that next time, environmental effects of work would be considered before commencement, adding that “we are very sorry for the damage and we take full responsibility for it,” Mohammed said.Earlier, Alhaji Adamu Bello, Chairman of Darazo Local Government, appreciated the concern shown by the governor to the people since the occurrence of the incident. (NAN) By AUWALU BIRNIN KUDUBAUCHI- The Bauchi government says it has released N20 million for procurement of Ready to Use Therapeutic Food (RUTF), to enhance treatment of malnutrition in the state.Malam Mukhtar Gidado, Special Adviser on Media and Publicity to Gov. Bala Mohammed, stated this in an interview with the News… In "Health" By NABILU BALARABE Governor Mai Mala Buni DAMATURU- Yobe’s Gov. Mai Mala Buni said on Monday in Damaturu that floods, resulting from days of torrential rains have cut off Gulani Local Government Area from other parts of the state. The governor made the assertion in a statement issued by his… In "News" By EMMANUEL MOGBEDEABUJA- Malam Ya’u Darazo, Senior Special Assistant to the President on Special Duties, has called on Nigerians to ignore recent negative reports in the media targeting Sen. Bola Tinubu.Darazo made the call in a statement on Saturday in Abuja as a supporter of the presidential ambition of Tinubu,… In "News"