Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) who were expecting the National Chairman, Dr Iyorchia Ayu, to resume work on Wednesday were disappointed when he failed to show up. The party chairman had been on break since the crisis over the emergence of Delta State Governor Ifeanyi Okowa as the vice-presidential candidate of the party broke out. Speculations were rife that the chairman had been forced to go on leave and might not even return if the “Ayu must go” agitators had their way. But in a swift reaction, Simon Imobo-Tswam, Ayu’s Special Adviser on Communication and Strategy, said reports that Ayu had been suspended over allegations of misappropriation were not true. He also said reports that the Deputy National Chairman (North), Amb. Damagum, who had been appointed in his place in an acting capacity, were “mischievous as they are purely the work of mischief-makers and idle minds” and called on Nigerians to disregard them. Consequently, many party members were surprised that Damagum presided over the submission of the Osun Reconciliation committee led by Eyitayo Jegede SAN instead of Ayu, who was expected to resume from his vacation on Wednesday. It was gathered that the national chairman was not seen at the party secretariat on Wednesday. Daily Trust)  Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, Senator Iyorchia Ayu, and the party’s presidential candidate for the February 25, 2023 election, Atiku Abubakar, have come under criticism by party members and chieftains for failing to go to Ekiti State to campaign for the party’s governorship… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - State chapters of the Peoples Democratic Party have rejected calls by loyalists of the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike for the sacking of the National Chairman of party, Dr Iyorchia Ayu, over the brewing crisis in the party. Asking Ayu to step aside, they said, would… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The loyalists of Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, have listed conditions for the resolution of the crisis in the Peoples Democratic Party. Supporters of the governor, in separate interviews with The PUNCH on Sunday, said it was not late for the PDP’s presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar,… In "Top Stories"