By MONDAY AJOGUN ONITSHA- The Anambra State Government says it commenced the demolition of illegally constructed buildings earlier marked for demolition in Onitsha on Thursday.Mr Christian Aburime, Press Secretary to Gov. Chukwuma Soludo of Anambra disclosed this in a statement made available to journalists in Awka.The press secretary said that several illegal structures along the waterways in Fegge and environs of Onitsha would be pulled down.“The exercise which began from Bida Road by Modebe Avenue, Fegge, Onitsha, is expected to be extended to other parts of the town,”.He said that the team handling the demolition began the work at Fegge area of Onitsha following the expiration of the more than two months notice served developers and building owners in April this year.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that some of the buildings affected were the security and generator houses of Prophet Chukwuemeka Ohanaemere of Mountain of Holy Ghost Intervention Deliverance Ministries, Onitsha aka Odumeje.According to an eyewitness who pleaded anonymity, the taskforce supervising the work manhandled the Prophet who tried to prevent the workers from demolishing his structures.“When the team arrived in company of armed security operatives, we saw them struggling with the Prophet while the operator of the bulldozer was busy demolishing the structures,”  the source said.The source further said that the structures erected along Nwangene stream were being removed in line with the actualisation of the Onitsha Urban Renewal Plan. (NAN) •Prophet Odumeje being manhandled by operatives of the Anambra State Task Force ONITSHA (Sundiata Post) - Church building belonging to the Mountain of Holy Ghost Intervention and Deliverance Ministry, presided over by Prophet Chukwuemeka Ohanaemere alias ‘Odumeje’ in Onitsha, has been demolished by the Anambra State Task Force. The church… In "News" By Chimezie Anaso •Governor. Chukwuma Soludo Awka- Gov. Chukwuma Soludo of Anambra has declared a state of emergency on infrastructure, especially roads, in the state.Soludo made the declaration on Wednesday in Awka during a town hall meeting with traditional rulers, presidents-general of communities, youths and women groups.He said the government… In "Security" Abuja - The Anambra State Governor, Prof. Chukwuma Soludo, on Wednesday, declared a state of emergency on insecurity and infrastructure in the state. Soludo assured the people that he would make the state an industrialisation hub. The governor stated this in Awka, on Wednesday, during a town hall meeting of… In "Top Stories"