By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former Deputy Chairman, Media and Public Affairs, House of Representatives, Hon. Victor Afam Ogene, has described the Labour Party Presidential Candidate, Peter Obi, as “a symbol of the People’s Revolution geared towards the enthronement of a new Nigeria.” In a statement commemorating the 61st birthday of former Governor Obi, former member, House of Representatives, and Labour Party Candidate, Ogbaru Federal Constituency, 2023, Hon. Victor Afam Ogen prayed for wisdom to enable the Labour Party flag bearer lead the coming ‘revolution’ peacefully. “It is with great pleasure that we join the ever-growing mass of supporters of Mr. Peter Obi, former governor of Anambra state, and presidential candidate of the Labour Party in the 2023 Presidential Election, to felicitate with him on the occasion of his 61st birthday anniversary. “Like a goldfish that cannot be hidden, despite your modest lifestyle, you have become a shining light, and a model of purposeful leadership, whose antecedents have propelled to the fore across our dear country, Nigeria. “As it were, I dare say that there appears to be a derived demand for Peter Obi’s life, having been chosen by the Nigerian people to lead the peaceful ‘revolution’ to take back their country from an inconsiderate elite. “As it were, your record of service in Anambra State, as Governor, remain insistent reminders of your capacity to lead our dear country, Nigeria, out of the doldrums of woe and depression, which successive bad leadership have plunged her into. “In deed, the widespread support of the youths and aged alike reflects the yearnings of the electorate to give you their votes to enable you replicate good governance on a national level. “We, therefore, use this medium to reaffirm our support and confidence in the Obi/Datti project, knowing that Nigerians will experience a new lease of life when you take over the realms of power in 2023. “We also celebrate a political juggernaut and defender of the masses, Senator Victor Umeh on the landmark occasion of his 60th birthday. “As a reliable ally of former Governor Obi – one which he shares same date of birth – Chief Umeh’s sojourn in politics, thus far, has left no one in doubt that he is a man of political victories. “This fact is further reinforced in his decision to join the Labour Party and collaborate with the Obi/Datti Team to forge a partnership that would ultimately liberate our dear country from the current strangulation of political buccaneers. “On this occasion of Chief Umeh’s Diamond jubilee, we celebrate him as a dependable, loyal and unwavering fighter, who fought tenaciously to reclaim the mandate of Peter Obi as Anambra Governor. “May God Almighty continue to preserve both of you, for more years of service to the Fatherland,” Hon. Ogene, who is also the Labour Party Houses of Representatives candidate for Ogbaru Federal Constituency, Anambra State, said.  Peter Obi LAFIA - No fewer than 15,000 youths and women from northern Nigerian state of Nasarawa have vowed to support the presidential ambition of Peter Obi, the candidate of the Labour Party in the 2023 general election. Speaking to newsmen in Lafia on Sunday, the State Southern Zonal Chairman… In "Politics" Mr. Peter Obi and Dr Yusuf Datti Baba-Ahmed today, Friday in Abuja The unveiling of Dr Datti Baba-Ahmed as Mr Peter Obi’s running mate •Mr Peter Obi (right), Labour Party presidential candidate and his running mate, Dr Yusuf Datti Baba-Ahmed on Friday in Abuja Senator Datti Baba-Ahmed being congratulated by… In "Top Stories" Dr Rabiu Kwankwaso (left) and Mr. Peter Obi ABUJA -  Peter Obi, presidential candidate of Labour Party, will on Friday July 8, announce his running mate for the 2023 presidential election. Dr Doyin Okupe, interim vice presidential candidate and director-general of Peter Obi’s campaign organisation, made this known in an… In "Politics"