.… Says 88% of the covering polling units observed low turnout of persons living with disabilities …. Condemns disturbing incidents of vote trading across the state By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – FIDA Nigeria on Saturday commended the early and high voters turnout that characterize the Osun state governorship polls across the state, adding that security personnel, electoral officers and election materials arrived at most polling units between the hours of 8:00 – 9:00am. FIDA Nigeria which observed a large turnout of female voters in about 88% of the polling units covered, stressed that 88% of the covering polling units observed low turnout of persons living with disabilities across the polling units visited. It however bemoaned the disturbing incidents of vote trading across the state, especially as it’s deployed observers reported that about 16% of the polling units visited witnessed voting inducements. FIDA Nigeria also highlighted that persons with disabilities, the elderly/Aged, pregnant women and Nursing mothers were prioritized in the voting process by INEC Adhoc Officials, a situation it said was commendable. The above were the position of FIDA as disclosed during it’s preliminary statement issued via Zoom by the Country Vice President/National President, Amina Agbaje (Mrs). Sundiata Post recalls that FIDA Nigeria with support from Goree Institute under the Charter Africa Project has tracked pre-election incidents ahead of the Osun Governorship Election and has deployed monitoring tool via its citizen observers which will be used in documenting election incidences promoting violence against women and persons with disabilities at the polls. FIDA Nigeria highlighted the following issues in its preliminary report on Saturday as follows: Commencement of PollsReports across the Local Government Areas in Osun state observed indicate that there was early and high voter turnout for the polls across the state as security personnel, electoral officers and election materials arrived at most polling units between the hours of 8:00 – 9:00am. 24% of the polling units had the election materials before 8AM, 48% by 8AM and 28% by 8:30AM. Furthermore we observed that 64% polling units visited had more than one electoral official, 24% had 3 electoral officials, and 12% had two (2) electoral officials. With regards participation of female electoral officials, we observed that a larger percentage of the polling units visited , that is about 76% had more than 2 female electoral officials, 12% had less than 2 officials, while 12% were above 2 officials.For instance, at polling unit 007, Ward 3, Boluwaduro LGA, polling unit 012, ward 2, Ife North LGA, accreditation commenced between 8.20- 8.30am. Similarly at polling unit 7, ward 6, Iwo LGA, accreditation commenced as early as 8am, however at polling unit 23, ward 5 , Oshogbo LGA, voters were accredited at 9.45am. Turnout of Female Voters & Persons with Disabilities: FIDA Nigeria observed a large turnout of female voters in about 88% of the polling units observed. Our Observers reported that only 12% of the polling units visited had low voters. For instance at Polling unit 1, Ward 1, Ife South LGA, about 175 women were observed exercising their franchise. Similarly at polling 1, ikija ward 2, Ife South LGA, about 204 women were observed undergoing the accreditation process. Also at polling unit 003, ward 1, Olorunda LGA, we observed a large turnout of female voters. At polling 005, ward 7, Ifedayo LGA a good number of female voters were observed exercising their franchise. At Unit 004, Ward 10, Ife Central LGA, more female voters were observed exercising their franchise. Furthermore at Polling unit 7, ward 10, Odo-Otin LGA, more than a hundred women were observed exercising their franchise. Our observers reported that 88% of the covering polling units observed low turnout of persons living with disabilities across polling units visited. Priority Voting for Vulnerable & Marginalized PersonsFIDA Nigeria observes that persons with disabilities, the elderly/Aged, pregnant women and Nursing mothers were prioritized in the voting process by INEC Adhoc Officials. Our Observers reported that Persons living with disabilities were prioritized in at least 56% of the polling units. While only 32% of the polling units provided special kits for persons living with disabilities, however 68% of the polling units didn’t. About 80% of the polling units prioritized pregnant women, the elderly and nursing mothers. For instance at polling unit 004, ward 10, Ife Central LGA, nursing mothers, pregnant women and persons with disabilities were prioritized thus exercising their franchise speedily. At polling unit 003, ward 1, Olorunda LGA, pregnant women and Elderly were prioritized by Electoral Officials. Furthermore at Polling unit 23, Ward 5, Oshogbo LGA, pregnant women & the Elderly were prioritized accordingly. However at polling unit 12, Ward 2, Ife North LGA, only persons with disabilities were prioritized while at Polling unit 02, Ward 4 , Oshogbo LGA, we observed that there was no preference for women, the aged and persons with disabilities Functionality of the Bimodal Voters Accreditation System:FIDA Nigeria has observed that across most polling units within our purview, the bimodal voter’s accreditation system was largely functional which aided accreditation and the voting process. However we observed some few discrepancies of where the BVAS were not functional. At polling unit 7, ward 10, Odo-Otin LGA, the BVAS was observed to have developed fault and was not rectified as at 12pm. About 64% of the covering polling units were able to resolve the BVAS issue experienced, while 28% are yet to report resolve as at the time of this reports. Security Related Observations: FIDA Nigeria observed that security officials/personnel in at least 52% of polling units visited were perceived to be impartial, with 28% perceived to be very impartial and 20% perceived to have partial electoral/security officials. We further observed that Security personnel were present in 84% of the covering polling units are unarmed with fire arms while 16% are with reported armed with fire arms with at least one police officer is present at all of our covering polling units. Seemingly our observers in 68% of the polling units reported the presence of more than 4 security personnel. While 12% of the polling units had three security personnel, while 16% had two security personnel and 4% has 1 security personnel each. Conclusively 80% of the covering polling units were observed and reported to be very secure as at the close of polls as no incidences of ballot box snatching was observed. Vote Trading: FIDA Nigeria observed disturbing incidents of vote trading across the state especially as our observers reported that about 16% of the polling units were to have witnessed voting inducements. For instance at polling unit 2, ward 3 , Isokan LGA, Incidence of vote buying were observed by leading political parties between N3000 to N5000 respectively. At PU005, Ward 08 St Peter’s School Sekona, Ede South LGA, Our observers reported incidence of vote buying. Similarly at PU 02, ward 002, Ayedade LGA and Polling unit 12, Ward 12, Ife North LGA, voters were induced with the sum of N2, 000 –N5, 000. The Country Vice President/National President, Amina Agbaje also assured that it will continue to closely watch the process across the thirty (30) Local Government Areas of the State until election is concluded by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). FIDA Nigeria stated that continue to observe the elections and later issue her post-election statement to detail more on the overall participations of women and persons with disabilities. ... Develops election monitoring tool that will document election incidences promoting violence against women and persons with disabilities at the polls ... Establishes situation room in Oshogbo and National Secretariat where Data Analysts will be documenting and analyzing findings from its citizen observers By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -… In "Top Stories" By JOSHUA OLADIPOEDE- The Accreditation of voters and election of Osun governor have started in some polling units in Ede North and Ede South with moderate turn out of electorate .The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN ) reports that the exercise began at 8: 23 a.m. , in some wards… In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -. Governor Adegboyega Oyetola is yet to cast his vote as at 10.22 am on Saturday.Oyetola, who is the gubernatorial candidate of the All Progressives Congress in Osun State, is yet to show up for accreditation at LEA primary school, Popo, Igbaji in Boripe Local Government Area… In "Top Stories"