By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – International Society for Civil Liberties and Rule of Law (Intersociety) has alleged that the soldiers of the Nigerian military and others deployed In eastern Nigeria have raided 150 communities in the past twenty months (Oct 2020-June 2022); burnt or destroyed 1,450 defenseless civilian homes, forced 51,000 Out of their ancestral homes, killed 1,360, burnt or destroyed or looted properties worth N57illion and caused N600billion trade and investment losses following the Eastern Siege and atrocities. Sundiata Post recalls that this shocking disclosures above are contained in new international documentary released by Intersociety signed by Emeka Umeagbalasi (Criminologist), Chinwe Umeche Esquire and Chidimma Udegbunam Esquire made available to Sundiata Post. The statement reads in full: Soldiers Of The Nigerian Military And Others Deployed In Eastern Nigeria Raided 150 Communities In Past 20 Months (Oct 2020-June 2022), Burnt Or Destroyed 1,450 Defenseless Civilian Homes, Forced 51,000 Out of Their Ancestral Homes, Killed 1,360, Burnt Or Destroyed Or Looted Properties Worth N57B And Caused N600B Trade And Investment Losses Following The Eastern Siege And Atrocities View The Documentary Here: https://youtu.be/RehqzLpkjeQ The International Society for Civil Liberties and Rule of Law (Intersociety) has successfully launched an international documentary, exposing how: soldiers of the Nigerian Military and others including various police crack squads and their allied Ebubeagu Government militias deployed in Igbo parts of Eastern Nigeria between Oct 2020 and June 2022 or in the past 20 months, raided 150 communities, burnt or destroyed 1,450 defenseless civilian homes, forced 51,000 out of their ancestral homes, killed 1,360, burnt or destroyed or looted civilian properties worth N57B and caused N600B trade and investment losses following the siege and atrocities. The thorough investigation and compilation of verified videos and photos into the burnings and related atrocities had lasted for six months (January to June 2022) following our special report of 19th January 2022. The Report had factually accused the soldiers of the Nigerian Military of indiscriminate killing of defenseless civilians and burning and destruction of their properties; brazenly and hatefully perpetrated outside the law and with impunity. The Nigerian Army on 20th January 2022 issued a rejoinder, denying responsibility and refusing to investigate and fish out the perpetrators responsible and punish them severely to deter repeat perpetration and occurrences. The gathered photos and videos used had included those from other news reports and commentaries derived from Nigerian Military’s field operations in Eastern Nigeria and other parts of the country since 2015. Consequently, the international documentary was internationally launched last night (17th July 2022 at 8pm Nigerian time) through virtual conference anchored by the Njenje Media International, UK; lasting for about one hour. The international presentation of the documentary had scholars like John Gregg and Amadiebube Mbama as co-hosts and attracted several international media reporters, commentators, diplomats, Igbo, Nigerian leaders in Diaspora and other local and international observers and activists. The documentary identified key perpetrators to include Brig General Raymond Utsaha, Brigade Commander of the 34 Brigade, Obinze, near Owerri, Imo State who was the 34 Brigade Commander March 2021 to March 2022; Brig General Sani Suleiman, new Brigade Commander of the 34 Brigade since March 2022. Others are Col Abdulkarim B. Usman, Cantonment Commandant, Onitsha 302 Army’s Artillery Regiment/General Support since 2021, Major Gen Taoreed Lagbaja, General Officer Commanding, 82 Division of the Nigerian Army, Enugu since 2021 and Gov Hope Uzodinma of Imo State. Finally, Intersociety is strongly calling for end of military siege, burnings, killings and wanton property destructions in Eastern Nigeria. As a matter of fact and inexcusability, the Government of Nigeria must end its policy of cover-ups, especially by granting impunity and immunity protection or cover to perpetrators of the grisly rights abuses and other prohibited acts. It saddens our heart that no single perpetrator of the referenced horrendous crimes had been held to account by the present Government of Nigeria since its inception in 2015. By its gross omission to act, the Nigerian Government has joined the long list of international crimes perpetrators. The Nigerian Government has also lost its “defense of complimentarity” under the international law including the Rome Statute (ICC) of 1998 which Nigeria ratified in Sept 2001, over eight years before it came into force in July 2002. The Int’l Documentary is here: https://youtu.be/RehqzLpkjeQ Signed For: International Society for Civil Liberties and Rule of Law Principal Officers: Emeka Umeagbalasi (Criminologist), Chinwe Umeche Esquire and Chidimma Udegbunam Esquire By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - International Society for Civil Liberties and Rule of Law (Intersociety) has condemned in strong terms the rising spate of attacks on critical public utilities by Government security forces and non state actor fighting parties across the Southeast and rest of Eastern Nigeria. In… In "Top Stories" ....Security Forces And Nigerian Govt Forcing Southeast Igbo Population Into Suicide-Terrorism …50 defenseless civilians killed in seven days by security forces in “medicine-after-death attacks in Imo, Anambra, ors …killing of unarmed ‘IPOB’ members a clear case of class criminalization and premeditated mass murder …senior security officers of 2015-2023 eras risking… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - International Society for Civil Liberties and Rule of Law (Intersociety) has stressed that its leaders are doggedly committed to ballot revolution and actualization of the Nigerian Presidency of Southeast extraction. It further stated that the ballot revolution and presidency of the Southeast extraction… In "Top Stories"