By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – In what appears to be a daring adventure, suspected terrorists on Tuesday, near Dutsinma, Katsina State, ambushed the convoy of cars conveying the Presidency’s advance team of security guards, protocol and media officers, killing two policemen in the process. The Presidency officials were travelling to Daura ahead of the trip of President, Muhammadu Buhari to his hometown for Sallah. The Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, confirmed the attack in a statement without confirming the casualty figure. The statement titled “Gallant presidential guards repel attack on advance team ahead of President’s visit” read, “The Presidency has described as sad and unwelcome, the shooting incident near Dutsinma, Katsina State, at the convoy of cars carrying the Advance Team of security guards, protocol and media officers ahead of the President, Muhammadu Buhari’s trip to Daura for Sallah. “The attackers opened fire on the convoy from ambush positions but were repelled by the military, police and DSS personnel accompanying the convoy. “Two persons in the convoy are receiving treatment for the minor injuries they suffered. All the other personnel, staff and vehicles made it safely to Daura.” But the spokesman of the Katsina State Police Command, Gambo Isah, in a separate statement, confirmed that the Police Area Commander for Dutsinma, Aminu Umar, and one other were killed in the ambush. Isah did not include in his statement that the attack was on the presidential team. The statement read, “Today (Tuesday), July 5, 2022 at about 11.30am, a distress call was received that terrorists numbering over 300, on motorcycles, shooting sporadically with AK 47 rifles and General Purpose Machine Guns, ambushed ACP Aminu Umar, Area Commander, Dutsinma and team, while on clearance operation of recalcitrant bandits/terrorists, in Zakka Forest, Safana Local Government Area of Katsina state. “Consequently, the Area Commander and one other gallantly lost their lives during a cross exchange of gun fire. “The Commissioner of Police, Idrisu Dauda, on behalf of the officers and men of the command, expresses his deep sympathy to the family of the deceased and pray to almighty Allah to repose their souls in Jannatul Firdausi.”  The Katsina State Police Command said it killed one bandit, recovered one AK 47 and 50 rustled cows after its men repelled over 40 armed bandits riding on motorcycle who stormed Gago Village in Dutsima Local Government Area of the state. The Police spokesman in the state, SP Gambo Isah… In "Security" By CHIJIOKE OKORONKWO Vice President Yemi Osinbajo ABUJA- Vice President Yemi Osinbajo’s convoy was not involved in an accident at the airport road, Abuja, on Monday  as was reported in some media and social media platforms.Osinbajo’s spokesman, Laolu Akande, who made clarifications, said the vice president’s  security and medical teams… In "News" •President Muhammadu Buhari commissioning a project in Ebonyi State By ISMAILA CHAFE ABUJA -  President Muhammadu Buhari’s last week engagements included a two-day working visit to Ebonyi where he inaugurated developmental projects and also announced ‘bonanza’ for the people and government of the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "Features"