By EHIGIiMETOR IGBAUGBA CALABAR- A cleric, Ekapong Ubi has denied being among the so-called clerics who attended Wednesday’s unveiling of the former Borno Governor, Ibrahim Shettima as Vice Presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Ubi who made the clarification in an interview with newsmen in Calabar on Thursday, said he was surprised to see his name and cell phone number as 26 in the purported list of clerics that were present at the event which took place in Abuja. The cleric said he was at his residence in Calabar, Cross River, when the unveiling of Shettima took place. “As I am talking to you now, I am at 8th Miles, Calabar, Cross River State and have not travelled to Abuja in the past three months. “No call was put across to me by anybody and I’m not aware and I am not an APC member. So they have decided to use that to collect money. “The living God that I serve will judge them. “I am calling on the Inspector General of Police and other security agencies to go after those fake, mischief makers so that they will be dealt with. “They got my number from either my Facebook page, handbills, or posters. “The news came to me as a shock I must confess. I have been in Calabar for long. “The last time I went to Abuja was around April,” he said. Speaking on the Muslim Muslim ticket, he said, “Nigeria does not need such a combination now.” (NAN) By GEORGE ODOK CALABAR- The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Cross River has endorsed the choice of Sen. Kashim Shettima as the running mate to the party’s presidential candidate, Sen. Bola Tinubu, in the 2023 election.In a congratulatory message issued on Tuesday in Calabar by the State Publicity Secretary, Mr… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Christian Association of Nigeria has challenged the All Progressives Congress to mention its (CAN) officials who attended the unveiling of its vice presidential candidate, Kashim Shettima, by the flagbearer, Bola Tinubu. The demand came barely five hours after the Vice President of CAN (19 Northern… In "Top Stories" By ISMAILA CHAFE ABUJA- President Muhammadu Buhari has met behind closed doors with the All Progressives Congress Vice Presidential candidate, former Gov. Kashim Shettima, at the State House, Abuja, on Wednesday.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the APC vice presidential candidate was accompanied to the State House by… In "News"