By IKENNA UWADILEKE ABUJA- The Senate Chief Whip, Orji Kalu, has urged the Federal Government to re-open negotiation with the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU).Kalu, in a statement issued on Thursday in Abuja decried the disruption of academic activities as a result of strikes by the university lecturers.According to him, the federal government should also endeavour to implement the signed agreements with the lecturers in the interest of students, their parents, the education sector and the country at large.Kalu described as worrisome the continued brain-drain in the country, which he said had contributed to poor quality of Nigerian graduates.“Incessant strikes disrupt the academic calendar, encourage brain drain and contribute significantly to the poor quality of graduates in the Country, with far-reaching implications on national development.“The federal government should urgently take all necessary measures to open a realistic negotiation with ASUU to stop the strike and implement the signed agreements in the interest of our students, their parents, the education sector and the country.“We must stop playing with the future of our youths,” he said.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that ASUU began strike on Feb. 14, 2022, due to the government’s failure to meet its demands.The union insisted on the strike due to failure of the government to meet the 2009 agreement.The ASUU President, Prof. Emmanuel Osedeke, said that the union took the ‘difficult decision’ after exhausting all avenues available to amicably settle the matter with the federal government. (NAN) By JOAN NWAGWU ABUJA- The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has urged President Muhammadu Buhari  to meet with the Prof. Nimi Briggs-led Committee on negotiation.ASUU President, Prof. Emmanuel Osekede said this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Abuja.NAN reports that the Briggs committee… In "Education" By FUNMILAYO ADEYEMI ABUJA- The Save Public Education Campaign, an NGO, says it will lead a national mass protest to bring an end to the incessant strikes by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU).The Convener of the group, Ms Vivian Bello, made this known at a news conference in… In "Education" The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) was founded in 1978. Its predecessor, the Nigerian Association of University Teachers (NAUT), was formed in 1965 covering academic staff at the University of Ibadan, University of Nigeria, Nsukka; Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, University of Ife and University of Lagos. According to its… In "Opinion"