ABUJA – Presidential candidate of the New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP), Rabiu Kwankwaso, has advised Bola Tinubu, standard bearer of the All Progressives Congress (APC), to take things easy. Since the former governor of Lagos state declared his intention to run for president, concerns have been raised about his health. But that has not prevented him from going around the country to consult with leaders at different levels about his presidential bid. Speaking during an interview on Arise Television on Sunday, Kwankwaso said Tinubu should pay attention to his health. “If you see my friend, Bola, tell him to take it easy, take good care of his health and make sure that… because I love him so much, he is my friend,” he said. “This campaign is very rigorous, it requires a lot of effort and so on and so forth. I hope he will take it easy so that we can continue the struggle to ensure one solid and prosperous Nigeria.” Tinubu had earlier announced Kashim Shettima, former Borno governor, as his running mate. Asked if he is threatened by Tinubu’s choice, the former Kano governor said he likes the combination, but he does not know what they would do differently from the current administration. “My only worry is the platform. This platform I don’t know. I know he is a strategist, Bola Tinubu, he is a good man. I had reasons to sit with him uncountable number of times from 1992 to date,” he said. “I wish I will see him to ask him what he will tell Nigerians what he will do differently from what Muhammadu Buhari is doing today. “That is my serious concern for him. Ordinarily, if I cannot get it, I can recommend him but it’s going to be like building something on zero. “When I see him, I wish him well or when you see him before me, tell him I wish him well — but let’s take it easy.” (TheCable)  Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The All Progressives Congress on Sunday invited former Kano State Governor and the presidential flagbearer of the New Nigeria Peoples Party, Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, to return to the ruling party that he helped to build. Speaking with journalists on Sunday in Abuja, Deputy National Publicity Secretary… In "Top Stories" PETER UWUMAROGIE Rabiu Kwankwaso, the Presidential candidate of NNPP GOMBE- Rabiu Kwankwaso, the Presidential candidate of the New Nigeria People’s Party (NNPP), on Saturday, said accepting to be running mate to any presidential candidate would lead to the collapse of NNPP.Kwankwaso, a former Governor of Kano State, who was in… In "Politics" Dr Rabiu Kwankwaso (left) and Mr. Peter Obi ABUJA -  Peter Obi, presidential candidate of Labour Party, will on Friday July 8, announce his running mate for the 2023 presidential election. Dr Doyin Okupe, interim vice presidential candidate and director-general of Peter Obi’s campaign organisation, made this known in an… In "Politics"