OSOGBO – The candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, Ademola Adeleke, has obtained the highest number of votes from 17 of the 30 local governments in Osun State. As a result, the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, has declared Adeleke winner of the Osun Gubernatorial election conducted on Saturday The results were officially declared by the Independent National Electoral Commission in Sunday morning. His closest rival, Governor Gboyega Oyetola of All Progressives Congress won in 13 Local Government Areas. The results showed that Adeleke obtained 403, 371 votes from 30 LGAs while Oyetola got 375, 027 votes. The Local Governments won by APC are Boripe, Ilesa East, Ayedire, Ifedayo, Ife Central, Ayedaade, Iwo, Olaoluwa, Isokan, Atakumosa East, Ife South, Ife Central and Ife East. The PDP won Ede North Local Government, Ede South, Ifelodun, Boluwaduro, Egbedore, Odo Otin, Osogbo, Ila, Atakumosa West, Olorunda, Ilesa West, Obokun, Oriade, Orolu, Ife North, Irepodun and Ejigbo. Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Results from the portal of the Independent National Electoral Commission have shown that the governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, Senator Ademola Adeleke, is leading in the ongoing Osun governorship election. The results showed that PDP is leading with over 10,000 votes. The portal also… In "Top Stories" By VICTOR ADEOTIOSOGBO- There is heavy security presence in Osogbo, the capital of Osun as the state made  final preparations for its  governorship election billed for  Saturday.A Correspondent of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)  who went round the town on Friday reports that men of the Nigerian Police Force… In "Politics" Governor Adegboyega Oyetola OSOGBO - The PDP won the Osun Government House polling unit with 117 votes. The APC received 106 votes. Governor Adegboyega Oyetola of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has lost the Government House polling unit in Osogbo to Ademola Adeleke of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). The… In "Politics"