By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), in Plateau State, on Thursday recruits 232 officers and men after undergoing rigorous training for three months. Speaking during the passing out parade at the Commands headquarters in Jos, the State Commandant Alexander Barunde charged the personnel to always remember that their lives going forward is now regimented. He stressed that the skills and training acquired while in camp equipped them to combat the mirage of challenges facing the country. Barunde said the training in camp came at a time when terrorism, banditry and kidnapping is ravaging the country expressing confidence that the personnel are well equipped to combat the menace. “It is worth noting therefore that the nation is embroiled in deep security challenges ranging from banditry, kidnapping, herders/farmers clashes, organized systematic criminality, targeted killings, assassination and all manner of capacity, partnership and high level collaboration involving both traditional institutions and grass roots based security intelligence management. “To the trainees passing out today out today, I congratulate your successful training and the huge success and great depth of knowledge imparted on you during the mandatory first phase of your training. “Exposing you to basic tenants of ideal regimented forensic psychological test to evaluate your state of mental and emotional readiness for further exposure to yet another phase of trainings and the result commendable”, Barunde said. In his welcome address the Plateau State Governor Simon Lalong said he is committed to supporting security agencies. Represented by the Deputy Governor, Sonni Gwanle Tyodan, Lalong said: “the State Government no doubt is ready to motivate and assist security agencies in the task of securing Plateau and its environs. This and many more the State is willing to do because of the importance it attaches to safety of lives of its citizens. “Plateau State is grappling with some security challenges which include increased banditry, kidnapping for ransom, farmers/herders clashes and other security problems which call for urgent attention”, Lalong said. By VICTOR ADEOTI Osogbo- The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), Osun Command, on Friday inaugurated 38-unit special female Squad  to combat insecurity, especially in schools across the state.Dr Ahmed Audi, NSCDC Commandant General represented by Fasilu Adeyinka, Commandant, NSCDC Zone J, performed the function in Osogbo.He urged the… In "Metro" By ALABA OLUSOLA-OKE Akure- The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) has reiterated the need for Nigerians to invest in training that would improve their security knowledge for a secured and criminally-reduced country.Dr Hammed Abodunrin, the Commandant of NSCDC in Ondo State, made the emphasis on Sunday during a… In "Metro" The New recruits into the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), in Edo have been charged on competence and selflessness to duty. The state Commandant of the corps, Mr Samuel Dan, stated this while addressing the new recruits at their training ground on Wednesday in Benin.Congratulating them on their… In "News"