By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Deputy Senate President and Delta APC Governorship Candidate, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege, has announced former Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Elder Godsday Orubebe, as Director-General of the Delta All Progressives Congress,APC, Gubernatorial Campaign Organisation. According to the statement signed by Ima Niboro, Director, Communications and Media Strategy, Delta APC Gubernatorial Campaign Organisation, Omo-Agege said Orubebe is bringing on board a towering wealth of experience, and shall  oversee all ramifications of the campaign for the mandate of Deltans in the 2023 governorship elections. “Orubebe shall, side by side with me, lead critical engagements and drive consultations, and by his renowned robustness, up the ante for the opposition Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. Together with the rest of the team, we shall show PDP the way out of Government House come May 29, 2023,” he said. The selection of the Ijaw-born politician, he noted, was very straightforward given his knowledge, capacity and pedigree. “Bringing him on board strengthens the campaign organisation straightaway, and builds a strategic redoubt of crucial stakeholders at the grassroots for the contest ahead. “ According to him, “when news of Elder Godsday Orubebe’s resignation from the PDP filtered in, June, our campaign organisation applauded him for toeing the path of progress and enjoined him to pitch tent with progressives in the APC, and help in the task of taking over Government House come 2023. ‘I am proud to announce that he heeded that call and joined our party, the APC, in his ward at Burutu Local Government Area”. “He will be bringing to our campaign organisation his vast reach at the grassroots, as well as at the state and federal levels, having been a supervisory councillor and chairman of local government, a state party chairman, and a two time minister of the federal republic, ” Omo-Agege said. Orubebe was born June 6th 1959 at  Ogbobagbene in Burutu Local Government Area in Delta state. He attended the  University of Lagos, where he earned a B.Sc. in Political Science in 1985. He later attended Ambrose Alli University, Ekpoma, where he obtained a master’s degree in International Relations. Orubebe was supervisory councilor and later chairman of Burutu LGA. In July 2007, President Umru Musa Yar’adua appointed him Minister of Special Duties. He was later to become  Minister of State for Niger Delta Affairs when the ministry was created in December 2008. When he eventually became full fledged minister of that ministry, one of his key achievements was to drive the construction of the East/West Highway in a rapid fast track.Under his watch, the ministry constructed 38 out of 42 bridges, and over 900 culverts of the 1000 designed for the road. Orubebe was also at the forefront of negotiating peace with Niger Delta militant groups which had brought crude oil production in Nigeria down to less than 400,000 barrels a day from over 2.5 million barrels, in protest of perceived social, economic and environmental injustice in the region. Working with then Vice President, and later President Goodluck Jonathan, he shares the credit of instituting the Niger Delta Amnesty Programme, which successfully won the hearts and minds of most Niger Deltans and brought peace to the region. Orubebe resigned from office in February 2014 to contest for the governorship of Delta State in the build up to the 2015 general elections.  Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Elder Godsday Orubebe, has joined the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), seven years after he attempted to scuttle the emergence of President Muhammadu Buhari, as Nigerian leader. It was learnt that Buhari is set to receive Orubebe into the ruling… In "Top Stories" By NAOMI SHARANG ABUJA-  Sen. Ovie Omo-Agege, APC  Governorship Candidate  in Delta and Deputy Senate President  has picked Mr Ossai Osanebi as his running mate for the 2023 gubernatorial election.Osanebi’s nomination is contained in a statement in Abuja on Thursday, signed by Mr Ima Niboro,Director, Communications and Media Strategy, Delta… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Deputy President of the Senate and the All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship candidate in Delta State, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege,has picked Mr Ossai Osanebi as his running mate for the 2023 gubernatorial election. Osanebi’s nomination was contained in a statement in Abuja on Thursday,… In "Top Stories"