By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The operatives of the Ibadan Zonal Command of the EFCC on Thursday, July 21, 2022 arrested a convicted internet fraudster, Okhiria Alex Chibueze and thirty-two others for alleged internet-related fraud. The suspects were nabbed in a sting operation at Soka area of Ibadan, Oyo State, following intelligence reports on their alleged cyber-fraud activities. The suspects are, Okhiria Alex Chibueze, Olootu Damilola Ayomikun, Akiwale Isreal Bunmi, Oladele Olatunde Oladimeji, Okeniyi Samuel Akinniyi, Sanya Oyekole Olakunle, Okon Gideon Henry, Stephen Samuel Shekwuduza, Adeshina Opeyemi Akanni, Hezekiah Ajadi Oluwatobi, Omoke Ogbonnaya Okike, Alex Samuel Aiku, Micheal Olakunle Oyinwola, Salami Oluwafemi Salami, Udeh Moses Emeka and Monday Samuel Nnaemeka. Others include Oluchukwu Emmanuel Ifeanyi Chukwu, Olaleye Azeez Olaide, Akintunde Victor Opeyemi, Akintayo Abass Waliu, Bada Samuel Rotimi, Isaac Isaiah Chinedu, Adeleke Olawale Isaac, Enoch Obaloluwa Bolaji, Afolabi Tomiwa Pelumi, Chukwudi Emeka Samuel, Abiola Oloruntoba Enoch, Chukwu Ogbonnaya Chukwu, Ogbonna Simon Ugwu, Durodoye Jubril Akinwunmi, Durodoye Idris Akindeji, Sanmabo Ayodeji Olufisayo and Olatunbosun Abdulmujeeb Olanrewaju. Eight exotic cars, several mobile phones, laptops, expensive wrist-watches among other items, were recovered from them. They will be charged to court as soon as the investigations are concluded. It will be recalled that Okhiria Alex Chibueze was arrested by the operatives of Ibadan Zonal Command of the EFCC sometime in 2021 for fraudulently obtaining $3,800 USD (Three Thousand, Eight Hundred United States Dollars) through a fake lottery scheme. He was successfully prosecuted and sentenced to six months community service by the Court on June 16, 2022. At least 26 suspected internet fraudsters have been arrested by operatives of the Ibadan Zonal Command of the EFCC, on Friday, February 11, 2022. One of the suspects, Babawale Daniel Olayinka even lied that he was a “Personal Assistant to the Oyo State Governor on Media Matters”. The suspects were… In "News" By AKEEM ABAS Ibadan- The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibadan Zonal Office has arrested 23 suspected internet fraudsters in Ibadan.This is contained in a statement signed by the commission’s spokesperson, Mr  Wilson Uwujaren and made available to newsmen on Friday in Ibadan.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls… In "Metro" Abuja - Two persons suspected to have been involved in the killing of a 200-Level Home Economics student of Shehu Shagari College of Education, Sokoto State, Deborah Samuel, on May 12, were today arraigned before a Sokoto Chief Magistrate’a court. The late student, Deborah Samuel, was stoned and burnt to… In "Top Stories"