LAGOS – Popular flutist and former President of the Performing Musicians Association of Nigeria (PMAN), Tee Mac Omatshola Iseli has urged Nigerians not to vote for Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate in the 2023 elections, saying he was not qualified to be voted as President.Reacting to a Facebook post by one Yemi Olakitan, Tee Mac said Tinubu was 86 years old, not healthy enough and has many unanswered questions about his age, background and how he made his money!He said: “Any body can choose any candidate, but an intelligent person will ask himself the question: do I choose rightly! Is the man qualified! Is he honest! Does he tell us the truth about his age, background and how he made his money! Is this man healthy enough at 86 to take up the task of a totally run down country? “You see Tinubu is my in-law. His wife Remi is my cousin. Her Itsekiri mother and my Itsekiri mother are sisters. I have known Tinubu since the mid 1980s personally and even arranged for him to stay in my stepfather’s house ( Sir Mobolaji Bank-Anthony) in London when he went into exile. I stopped supporting him and stopped family visits etc when he sold that Buhari to the nation in 2015. My advice to the nation is that this man is absolutely not qualified to become our next president. Respectfully Tee Mac Omatshola Iseli.” Bola Tinubu (left) and Kashim Shettima ABUJA - Social media influencer, Mrs Aisha Yesufu and some other Nigerians on Twitter have protested the choice of the former Governor of Borno State, Kashim Shettima as the running mate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu.  Tinubu is a… In "News" By OLUWATOPE LAWANSON Senator Bola Ahmed Tinubu LAGOS- Sen. Bola Tinubu, All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Candidate,  says  selection of his running mate has nothing to do with religious faith.He said selection of Sen. Kashim Shettima, a Muslim,  as his running mate had  to do with competence, experience, ability and… In "Politics" By BASHIR RABE MANI Senator Bola Tinubu ABUJA- Alhaji Nasiru Shehu-Bodinga, an APC House of Representatives for Bodinga/Dange-Shuni/Tureta Federal Constituency in Sokoto State, says Nigerians will reap abundant dividends of democracy, if Sen. Bola Tinubu is elected as President in 2023.“If the APC presidential flag-bearer emerges as President Muhammadu Buhari’s… In "Politics"