Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Secretary General of the Organisation of Petroleum Exportaing Countries (OPEC), Muhammad Sanusi Barkindo, is dead. He died at about 11pm on Tuesday. He was aged 63. Barkindo was received at the State House Tuesday by President Muhammadu Buhari, who lauded the outgoing OPEC secretary general six year tenure and described him as a worthy ambassador of Nigeria. His death was announced in the early hours of Wednesday by NNPC GMD, Mele Kyari, who described his departure as a great loss to his immediate family, NNPC Nigeria, OPEC and global energy community. In a statement on his verified twitter handlle, @MKKyari, at 4.32am Weddnesday, the NNPC GMD wrote:”We lost our esteemed Dr Muhammad Sanusi Barkindo. He died at about 11pm yesterday 5th July 2022. Certainly a great loss to his immediate family, the NNPC, our country Nigeria, the OPEC and the global energy community. Burial arrangements will be announced shortly,” The cause of his death was not disclosed in the tweet. By ISMAILA CHAFE President Muhammadu Buhari ABUJA- President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed the nation’s gratitude to the outgoing Secretary-General of  Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), Mohammed Barkindo, describing him as a worthy ambassador of the country.The president made his feelings when he received Barkindo at State House, on Tuesday in Abuja.According to… In "News" The NNPC Ltd. has commended Mohammad Barkindo, Secretary-General, Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) on the role he played in the formation of Declaration of Cooperation (DoC) between OPEC member countries and non-OPEC oil-producing countries. The NNPC gave the commendation on Thursday when OPEC Secretary-General, hosted a working lunch for… In "Business" By  Edith Ike-Eboh Abuja - The Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and the Nigerian Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative have commended Mr Mele Kolo Kyari’s appointment as NNPC boss. The organisations gave the commendation in a statement signed by the NNPC spokesman, Mr Ndu Ughamadu. News Agency of Nigeria… In "News"