By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate, Tuesday, passed the National Senior Secondary Education Commission Bill, 2022. The bill’s passage was sequel to the consideration of a report by the Committee on Education (Basic and Secondary). Senator Akon Eyakenyi (PDP – Akwa-Ibom South), in a presentation on behalf of the Committee’s Chairman, Senator Ibrahim Gaidam (APC – Yobe East), said the bill which has 33 clauses, seeks to repeal the existing Act on National Secondary Education Commission. According to Eyakenyi, the bill when assented into law, would strengthen the legislative framework for the functioning of the Senior Secondary Education sector. The lawmaker added that, “it also seeks to address the unfortunate abandonment of the Senior Secondary Education in Nigeria in terms of regulatory and financial intervention which hitherto has been extended to Primary and Junior Secondary Education through UBEC, and the Tertiary Education Institutions through TETFUND, NBTE, NCCE.” “The bill also makes provision for the source of funding for the intervention and modalities for benefitting therefrom”, she said. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has passed the Nigerian Start-up Bill, 2022. The passage of the bill followed the consideration of a report by the Committee on ICT and Cyber Security. Chairman of the Committee, Senator Oseni Yakubu (APC - Kogi Central), in his presentation, said the… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate, on Tuesday, passed four bills to establish Federal Medical Centres in four states of the federation.The medical centers will be established in Osogbo, Osun State; Onitsha, Anambra State; Gada, Sokoto State; and Ijebu-Ode, Ogun State, respectively.  The passage of the bills… In "Top Stories" By MILLICENT IFEANYICHUKWU/FLORENCE ONUEGBU L-R: An elated Folashade Oyedeji of Ajara Comprehensive High School (kneeling), as she gets a car gift from Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu during the Annual Teachers’ Merit Award at the Sports Pavilion, Lagos House, Ikeja, on Wednesday, June 29, 2022. With them: Chairperson, Nominations… In "Education"