By BRIDGET IKYADO ABUJA- The Most Rev. Daniel Okoh has emerged as the new president of the Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN. This is contained in a statement on Tuesday in Abuja by Mr Joseph Daramola,the  association’s General Secretary. Okoh is the General Superintendent of Christ Holy Church, also known as Nation Builders (Odozi-Obodo). CAN is made up of five blocs: Christian Council of Nigeria (CCN), Catholic Secretariat of Nigeria (CSN), Christian Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (CPFN)/Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN), Organisation of African Instituted Churches (OAIC), (TEKAN and ECWA Fellowship). CAN is scheduled to hold its general assembly on July 27 which would usher in the new administration. The assembly also marks the end of the tenure of His Eminence Samson Olusupo-Ayokunle and members of the National Executives under his team. The outgoing CAN President thanked all Nigerians for their support and prayers which led to his successful tenure. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that on Wednesday ,July 27 CAN ‘s pre -assembly, symposium and NEC meeting will begin. While on Thursday, the general assembly, senth-forth service and dinner will hold. The handing over ceremony and beginning of the new transition will take place on Friday July 29. (NAN) By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The leadership of TEKAN also known in English as Fellowship of Churches of Christ in Nigeria has called on Christians in Nigeria to reject any Political party that is calling for Muslim-Muslim or Christian-Christian ticket. TEKAN is also a conglomeration of 15 Churches… In "Top Stories" By POLYCARP AUTAJOS- The Fellowship of Churches of Christ in Nigeria, also known as Tarayyar Ekklesiyoyin Kristi a Nijeria (TEKAN), has condemned the killings of innocent citizens in Ondo, Benue, Kaduna, Borno, Plateau and other parts of the country.The Fellowship made the condemnation in a statement jointly signed by Rev.… In "News" By IFEANYI OLANNYE ZLP Chairman in Delta, Mr Emeka Nkwoala (R) handing over the party’s flag to Mr Emmanuel Okoh, the governorship candidate for the 2023 general election, on Wednesday in Asaba ASABA- Mr Emmanuel Okoh, from Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa’s kindred of Ika North East Local Government Area, has emerged… In "Politics"