By ERIC JAMES OCHIGBO ABUJA- The House of Representatives has urged the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to redesign the national identity card to reflect the National Identity Number (NIN) The call was sequel to a unanimous adoption of a motion by Rep. Fredrick Agbedi (PDP-Bayelsa) at the plenary on Wednesday. Motion on the need to have National identity number displayed on the National Identity Card Moving the motion, Agbedi said that the NIN is used by government of many countries as a means of tracking their citizens, permanent and temporary residents for the purposes of work and so on. Also aware that the number is issued and managed by NIMC, established to manage Nigerians identity in government institutions, register individuals and introduce general multipurpose cards. “The NIN which matches with your biometrics, is said to be used for virtually all transactions in Nigeria requiring identity verification. “Recently the commission started issuing the digital ID cards which displays only the name, age and Nationality of the older ID card without displaying the NIN number “The commission failed to include the NIN to the IDCard and it has brought untold hardship to the citizens in a bid to retrieve their NIN via short codes provided by telecommunications providers to pay for services,” he said. In his ruling, the Deputy Speaker of the house, Rep. Ahmed Wase mandated the committee on Interior to ensure compliance. (NAN) By ZUBAIRU IDRIS Mr Chinedu Okoronkwo KANO- Employees of the Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN) will not get their salaries until they obtain the Permanent Voter Card (PVC). This came on the heel of an earlier directive by IPMAN’s National President, Mr Chinedu Okoronkwo, asking its employees nationwide to… In "News" Abuja -. Telecommunication consumers are lamenting the decision of the Federal Government to implement the National Identification Number-Subscriber Identity Module policy after the Nigeria Identity Management Commission disclosed that its infrastructure can accommodate only 100 million Nigerians. The consumers under the aegis of the National Association of Telecoms Subscribers were… In "Top Stories" We cannot play possum about it. Unity has remained a reverie, and an elusive expedition for Nigeria. We long for it, but we cannot reach it because we are not willing to work at it. We are not ready to tear down the iron curtains of ethnicity and religion. We… In "Opinion"