By Kingsley Chijioke Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Members of Ogoni Libration Initiatives (OLI), has issued a 30-day ultimatum to the Hydrocarbon Pollution Remediation Project (HYPREP), demanding audit of financial report showing how monies given to them for Ogoni Clean-up is being spent. In a protest led by its President Dr. Fabeke Douglas he said with all the funds budgeted, HYPREP is yet to justify the utilization of the funds in Ogoni as the community still suffers from Oil pollution. “Ogoni is yet to feel the impact of the Clean-up despite huge funds released for the project”, Fabeke said. “After the expiration of 30 days, I may organize another protest in Abuja at the Ministry of Environment, to push for the demand and ensure that the proper thing is done”, he said. Responding, HYPREP Head of Community Engagement, Mr. Enuolare Mba Nwigoh maintained that the Agency is transparent in its dealings and in implementing the UNEP report on Ogoniland. He assured that HYPREP will look into the complaint contained in the protest letter and make available the financial information as requested by the protesters. Recall that HYPREP was set up by the Federal Government to address the environmental pollution and degradation of the Niger Delta region, especially Ogoniland, due to Oil production activities. By Kingsley Chukwuka Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The non performance of the Minister of State for Environment, Sharon Ikeazor and the compromise from the Hydrocarbon Pollution Remediation Project (HYPREP), has informed a good reason for the sack of the Minister and the dissolution of HYPREP, a group otherwise called the… In "Top Stories" By Desmond Ejibas     Port Harcout   -    The Hydrocarbon Pollution Remediation Project (HYPREP) has trained 35 youths as technical assistants to monitor clean-up of oil impacted sites in Ogoniland, an official said. HYPREP’s Head of Communications, Mr Isa Wasa, on Wednesday in Goi community, Gokana Local Government Area, said… In "News" BORI - The Federal Government would soon start discussions with the United Nations (UN) and Ogoni communities to begin implementation of the UN Environment Programme (UNEP) Report on Ogoniland, a top official said on Friday. The Minister for Petroleum Resources, Mrs Dieziani Allison-Madueke, said this during a meeting with Ogoni… In "News"