By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has said his recent trip to the United Kingdom and the United States of America afforded him the opportunity to correct the wrong narrative given to the international community on the mayhem unleashed on the state by terrorists. According to the statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur made available to Sundiata Post, Governor Ortom stated this on Monday, July 25th, 2022 while briefing journalists and Peoples Democratic Party, PDP  stakeholders at the new Banquet Hall of the Benue Peoples House, Makurdi. The Governor explained that the mindless killings and invasion of Benue communities by terrorist herdsmen have been twisted before the international community by some powerful forces to mean they were mere clashes as a result of climate change and other environmental issues. He explained that the real issues of unprovoked and coordinated attacks on communities in the state were deliberately hidden away from the international community. Governor Ortom emphasised that as the leader of the state, he considered it as part of his duty to correct the wrong impression sold out to the outside world. The Governor further informed the stakeholders that during the trip, he met with several international organisations including the US State Department, International Christian Concern, ICC both in the United Kingdom and the United States of America where he presented the true situation on ground with facts and figures before the international community and called for their intervention. He also stated that he made a case for religious freedom and tolerance in the country, saying it was the reason Benue State under his leadership, had had no case of religious crisis as he has created the enabling environment for all citizens to practice their faith without hindrance. He commended Benue people for standing with him in the midst of all the challenges confronting the state and expressed his determination not to give up but ensure that the challenges are surmounted. The State Deputy Governor, Engr Benson Abounu, Senator representing Benue North-East, Senator Gabriel Suswam, Speaker, Benue State House of Assembly and PDP Governorship Candidate, Rt Hon Titus Uba, members of the State Executive and Security Councils, Members of the State House of Assembly as well party stalwarts attended the briefing.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has called on the American government and the the international community to hold the government of Mohammadu Buhari accountable for the spate of violence in Nigeria. He made the call at the State Department, Washington DC, while interacting… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has charged Christians, particularly clergy men not to relent in praying to God about the worsening security and other challenges confronting the state. According to the statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur, Governor Ortom gave… In "Top Stories" …says the takeover of Nigeria by PDP has begun By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -. Benue State Governor Dr. Samuel Ortom has congratulated the Osun state Governor-Elect , Senator Ademola Adeleke for his victory at the Saturday’s gubernatorial election. He praised Senator Adeleke for his steadfastness, hard work and… In "Top Stories"