By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Again, one policeman has been killed and another injured by gunmen at a checkpoint in Bayelsa State. The gunmen were said to have attacked the officers around Famgbe community in the Yenagoa Local Government Area of the state on Saturday. The motive behind the attack was yet to be ascertained, but a security source said the policemen were carrying out a routine stop-and-search operation in the area when they came under ambush by the gunmen. The security source said the police patrol was sequel to intelligence indicating an increase in violent crimes along the Famgbe-Ayama axis of the Yenagoa suburbs. According to the security source, who spoke in confidence, the policemen engaged the hoodlums in a gun duel, which forced them to escape into the bush. But the deceased officer fell to the bullets of the assailants while another was wounded in the gunfire exchange. A police source confirmed the incident, saying one officer was killed, another wounded while a child, who was also scratched by a bullet, was stabilised at a clinic. The source said that the police were on the trail of the attackers. Recall that there was a similar attack in Abuja, precisely at Zuma Rock check-point by gunmen suspected to be terrorists killing some security personnel. Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Ex-militant leader and head of operations of Darlon Oil and Gas Servicing Limited, Indukapo Ogede, has been assassinated in Yenagoa, the Bayelsa State capital. Ogede was said to have been killed in an execution manner on Sunday night at a hotel off Tamic road in Okutukutu,… In "Top Stories" By NICHOLAS DECHI MAKURDI- Police Command in Benue has confirmed the killing of two policemen on Makurdi-Lafia road by gunmen on Friday.The police spokesperson, SP Sewuese Anene, confirmed this to newsmen on Friday in Makurdi.“I received information that two policemen died in an operation on Makurdi-Lafia road, but I am… In "Metro" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - In what appears to be a daring adventure, suspected terrorists on Tuesday, near Dutsinma, Katsina State, ambushed the convoy of cars conveying the Presidency’s advance team of security guards, protocol and media officers, killing two policemen in the process. The Presidency officials were… In "Top Stories"