By Chibuike Nwabuko   In his welcome speech after his decoration as the President, Rotarian Maxwell eulogised the immediate past President, Rotarian Anne Uche Obi for providing inspirational leadership and doubling the Club’s membership. On his targets as President for the emerging year, Rotarian Max said he will strive to build a block of classrooms and two toilets for the pupils in the Central school, Gidan Gimba – the Club’s adopted school in Nasarawa state. The President also promised to pursue hunger alleviation projects by partnering with supermarkets and food suppliers as well as relevant government agencies to feed at least 1,000 Internal Displaced Persons (IDPs) every quarter. He called for collaboration with other clubs that may indicate interest in this regard. In terms of Rotary Youth Leadership Academy (RYLA), he said that their target is to sponsor at least 15 young Nigerians for skill acquisition and leadership development as well as payment of WAEC/NECO fees for indigent students of Army Day Secondary school. Other targeted goals listed by the President for the year include: Upgrading of Club to mega status by adding at least 47 new members; skill acquisition, training and cash grants to 10 women in Gidan Gimba; distribution of sanitary pads and personal hygiene materials to girls in Gidan Gimba; increase club’s giving to Rotary Foundation by having at least 10 more Paul Harris Fellows (PHFs) and to collaborate with other clubs and the District fir joint projects in line with Synergy, which is the theme of the District this Rotary year. In his remarks, the District Governor, Rotarian Goddy Nnadi seeing the dominating number of women said that it looks like women are taking over and added that most of those who did exceedingly well are led by women. But he expressed excitement on the kind of President we have this time in the person of Rotarian Maxwell Amuchie. He reminded that the leadership cannot do it alone and enjoined members to team up with the leadership in all they have set out to do. The DG advised that in the building of the toilets for the school, that of the teachers should be separated from that of the the boys and girls as experience has shown that the what the teachers do if toilets are not separated is to fake to be pressed when they see that a young girl is going to ease herself, they go there and sexually abuse the girls. He also informed that in his own Club, they are proposing setting up a hospital that will work for 24 hours everyday that will be using inverter. That what they are waiting for to kick off is for the government to allocate a land for the project. He advised that Rotary should look towards the area of sickle cell and providing blood bank as most accident victims lose their lives while waiting for blood donation and blood match. Sundiata Post recalls that President Maxwell Amuchie’s investiture will take place on July 22, 2022 at New Chelsea Hotel, Off Muhammadu Buhari Way, Central Business District Abuja at 4pm. •Esu of Gidan Gimba and Anne Uche Obi, President of the Rotary Club of Abuja CBD on Saturday at the monarch's Palace •From left: Rotarian Helen Bassey, Rotarian Nancy Nneka Ibekwe, Rotarian Salome Garba and Rotarian Jesse Yuan at the Palace of the Esu of Gidan Gimba during the outreach… In "Top Stories" •From left: Rotarian Galam Oyinlola Lung-Ya, incoming youth director; Rotarian Max Amuchie, treasurer and incoming president; Zaki Maikeffi, principal of Army Secondary School, Mogadishu Barracks, Asokoro, Abuja; Rotarian Anne Uche Obi, President, Rotary Club of Abuja CBD; Salawuden Quadri, one of the beneficiaries; Aisha Ali, secretary and President Nominee, Rotary… In "Education" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Rotary Club of Abuja Karu Housing Estate has built a multi-million naira Health Centre for its adopted community, Jikwoyi a suburb within Abuja Municipal Area Council. The Health Centre which is to be commissioned on Tuesday, June 21, 2022 by the Minister… In "News"