By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate has received a formal request from President Muhammadu Buhari, to confirm the nomination of Hon. Justice Olukayode Ariwoola as the Chief Justice of Nigeria. The request was contained in a letter dated 25th July, 2022, and read by the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, at the start of plenary on Tuesday. The letter reads, “”Pursuant to Section 231(1) of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999 (as amended), I forward for confirmation by the Senate, the appointment of Hon. Justice Olukayode Ariwoola as the Chief Justice of Nigeria. “While I hope that the submission will be considered in the usual expeditious manner, please accept, Distinguished Senate President, the assurances of my highest consideration.” Justice Ariwoola’s appointment as CJN by President Buhari was sequel to the resignation of former Chief Justice Muhammad Tanko on 27th June, 2022. Tanko’s resignation was against the backdrop of a protest by 14 aggrieved Justices over issues of welfare. However, the former CJN, in his resignation letter, cited health grounds as reason for his decision. In another letter to the Senate dated 21st July, 2022, President Muhammadu Buhari requested the upper chamber to confirm the nomination of Dr. Suleiman Agha Afikpo as Commissioner representing the South-East zone, at the National Hajj Commission of Nigeria. He explained that the request was in accordance with the provision of Section 3(2) of the Hajj Commission Act. Cap. 321, Laws of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 2004. By NAOMI SHARANG President Muhammadu Buhari ABUJA- President Muhammadu Buhari has written the Senate seeking the confirmation of the nomination of Hon. Justice Olukayode Ariwoola as the Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN). The request is contained in a letter dated July 25 and read by the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan,… In "News" Justice Olukayode Ariwoola ABUJA - Following tradition of seniority in the Supreme Court of Nigeria, Justice Olukayode Ariwoola will later today (Monday) be sworn in as the next Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN) after the sudden resignation of Justice Tanko Muhammad. LEADERSHIP reports that Tanko’s resignation has been confirmed by… In "Top Stories" By ISMAILA CHAFE ABUJA- President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday swore in Justice Olukayode Ariwoola as the acting Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN).The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the swearing of Ariwoola, the next most senior in the hierarchy of the Supreme Court, as the new CJN followed the… In "News"