Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Osun Deputy Governor, Benedict Alabi, says has he has no fear that the All Progressives Congress (APC), will win Saturday’s governorship election in the state. Alabi made the remarks shortly after casting his vote at ward 6 unit 7, Baptist Day School, Ikire, Irewole Local Government Area of the state. The deputy governor, who adjudged the process as peaceful and orderly, with impressive turnout, also commended the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for the timely arrival of election materials. He also commended the security agencies for ensuring orderliness and peaceful atmosphere of the conduct of the election. ”This is a wonderful experience. The atmosphere is calm and rancour free.” People are orderly and also have confidence to come out in their large number to vote. ”I have no doubt that we are going to win convincingly considering what we have achieved in the state in last three and half years.” I believe the electorate will do the needful by voting for us,” he said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the atmosphere was general peaceful with large voter turnout.(NAN) Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The governorship candidate of the Accord Party in Osun State, Dr Akin Ogunbiyi, has lamented that the Independent National Electoral Commission is slow in the ongoing governorship election in the state. Ogunbiyi expressed his displeasure while speaking with our correspondent after casting his vote at unit… In "Top Stories" By VICTOR ADEOTI Governor Gboyega Oyetola OSOGBO- Gov. Gboyega Oyetola of Osun says All Progressives Congress (APC) will win the July 16 governorship election in the state by wide margin.According to him, winning his re-election is to consolidate on his achievements in the last three-and-a-half years.The governor said this during… In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -. Governor Adegboyega Oyetola is yet to cast his vote as at 10.22 am on Saturday.Oyetola, who is the gubernatorial candidate of the All Progressives Congress in Osun State, is yet to show up for accreditation at LEA primary school, Popo, Igbaji in Boripe Local Government Area… In "Top Stories"