By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Jigawa State Chairman of the Labour Party, Ishaku Aliyu stated this on Wednesday in Dutse in his welcome address to the participants at the sensitisation rally being organised by the party across the 19 Northern States. The spokesman for the Thirdforce, Dr Yunusa Tanko in a statement described the rallies which have entered third day as highly successful. According to him the sensitisation rallies being spearheaded by the National Secretariat of the party were also being backed by the members of Obidient Northern Youth Vanguard, (ONYV) from the 19 Northern States. He described the turnouts as highly impressive in all the states that had so far been covered adding that the rallies had so far held in Katsina, Kano, Kaduna and Jigawa States. Dr Tanko disclosed that Obi-Datti was propagating the message of new Nigeria that would guarantee fairness and justice for every citizen. “Obidient will change the narratives, we will ensure prudent management of resources and seal up all leakages ” He said adding, “these are our selling points and am happy Nigerians are buying into them”. Those who are saying that we don’t have structure will be shocked because our supporters are not hired crowds. Other parties when they hold rallies rent crowd but people are spending their money to come and meet us. What does it show you? ” It all means that our supporters are organic and not synthetic. They say the north will not vote for Obi yet the north are spending their money to promote Obi.” The secretary of the Labour party Alhaji Ibrahim Farooq Umar , supported by Joseph ndirang member of the National working committee were said to have also admonished the leadership and members of the party not to be divided along tribal, religious and regional line against the unity of the country. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Erudite Professor of Economics, Pat Utomi has said that a new Nigeria was possible under the Labour Party presidency. Professor Utomi stated this Saturday in his address to the meeting of the 19 Northern youth support group for Peter Obi, the Labour Party… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The former media aide to President Muhammadu Buhari, Bashir Ahmad has described Peter Obi, the Presidential candidate of Labour Party as a big threat to both the People's Democratic Party (PDP) and All Progressives Congress (APC) in the 2023 general election. According to… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Facts have emerged that the Labour Party Candidate and the former Governor of Anambra State Mr Peter Obi may have shifted attention to the National Conscience Party, (NCP) Chairman and spokesperson for the Third Force, Dr Yunusa Tanko. The move according to a… In "Top Stories"