ABUJA – The Labour Party presidential candidate, Peter Obi, has officially unveiled his running mate, Datti Baba-Ahmed. Senator Datti Baba-Ahmed, the founder of Baze University, Abuja, was announced the LP vice-presidential candidate in Abuja on Friday. The 46-year-old was a former lawmaker who represented Kaduna North Senatorial district. Baba-Ahmed’s announcement was coming barely 24 hours after the Director-General, Peter Obi Campaign Organisation, Doyin Okupe, announced his withdrawal as the vice-presidential candidate of the party. Okupe who announced his withdrawal via his verified Twitter handle @doyinokupe noted that his party would announce the new running mate to the presidential candidate. “This afternoon I submitted my withdrawal letter from the position of the Vice Presidential candidate of the Labour Party to INEC. A replacement will be announced by d national chairman of d party shortly. I feel greatly blessed to have been part of the foundation of success 4 the LP,” Okupe tweeted. Details shortly… By Chibuike Nwabuko ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Founder of Baze University, Abuja, Senator Yusuf Datti Baba-Ahmed has emerged Labour Party's vice presidential candidate for the 2023 election and will be officially unveiled on Friday. An impeccable source within the Labour Pary hierarchy said Baba-Ahmed finally made up his mind after… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Doyin Okupe, the Director-General of Mr Peter Obi's Presidential Campaign Organisation has formally resigned his holder's position as the running mate to the Labour Party Presidential candidate. Dr Okupe tendered his resignation letter on Thursday to pave way for the presentation of Yusuf… In "Top Stories" Dr Rabiu Kwankwaso (left) and Mr. Peter Obi ABUJA -  Peter Obi, presidential candidate of Labour Party, will on Friday July 8, announce his running mate for the 2023 presidential election. Dr Doyin Okupe, interim vice presidential candidate and director-general of Peter Obi’s campaign organisation, made this known in an… In "Politics"