By NABILU BALARABE DAMATURU- Yobe’s Gov. Mai Mala Buni said on Monday in Damaturu that floods, resulting from days of torrential rains have cut off Gulani Local Government Area from other parts of the state. The governor made the assertion in a statement issued by his Director-General, Press and Media Affairs, Alhaji Mamman Mohammed. He said a 500-meter road linking Gujba with Gulani, on the borders with Borno and Gombe was washed away by the flood. The governor said many houses, farmlands and livestock were submerged. Buni said he had directed the state’s emergency management agency to access the level of damage and provide relief materials for victims. He called on the National Emergency Management Agency to also assist the victims in view of the magnitude of the flood. Meanwhile, Chairman of Gulani Local Government Council, Alhaji Ilu Dayyabu, said more than 100 houses and shops were submerged by flood in Kukawa, Bularafa and Bulunkutu. He told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that a box culvert was completely washed away in Bukci, cutting the community away. Dayyabu said the flood ravaged nine of the 12 wards in the area. They are Sabai, Jibulwa, Bara, Gagure, Kushmega, Garin Tuwo, Teteba, Ruhu and Gulani. (NAN) By NABILU BALARABE DAMATURU- Gov. Mai Mala Buni of Yobe on Monday condoled with the families of 10 persons who died in a recent car accident in Fika Local Government Area of the state.Buni expressed his condolences in a statement by his Director-General Press and Media Affairs, Alhaji Mamman Mohammed,… In "News" By AHMED ABBA DAMATURU- The Yobe Government has declared Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday work-free days to enable civil servants register, revalidate and collect their Permanent Voter Cards (PVC).The declaration followed an approval granted by the State Governor, Mai Mala Buni as contained in a circular dated June 27with reference number… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Emir of Damaturu, HRH Alhaji Dr. Shehu Hashimi, the Ibn Elkanemi the 2nd, has called on Nigerians to support the Presidential ambition of former Transportation Minister, Rt Hon. Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi, a frontline aspirant in the forth-coming Presidential primaries of the All… In "Top Stories"