Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Famous Nollywood actress Ada Ameh (Emu of The Johnsons fame) has collapsed and died, according to reports just coming in from her Idoma people in Benue State. One of the reports, by Idoma Voice portal, has it that the beloved “Idoma-born actress died in Warri, Delta State around 11 pm on Sunday”. “Ameh was said to have been a guest of an oil company toyshop and his family when she suddenly collapsed,” the report said on Monday morning, July 18, 2022. Ms Ameh, aged 48, had recently opened up about her mental health battles. She revealed on an Instagram post that she was given a job which she failed to deliver because she was battling mental health. According to the actress, the company did not understand what she was going through and, as such, filed a lawsuit against her. ‘Emu’ as she was also known, lamented that the company was suing her for a staggering amount, which she was unable to afford. The actress started her career 27 years ago and admitted that the lawsuit had taken a toll on her, but she wouldn’t allow it to weigh her down or kill her. Ms Ameh, who lost her only daughter in October 2020, stated, “It is taking my life.” Sharing the video on Instagram, she included the caption, “Do me good. Because God is good.” She said: “I have an issue right now that can take my life, but I won’t die. We would get over it. I was given a job but didn’t do it because I have mental health issues. Will people understand it if you have mental issues? No, they wouldn’t. They are slamming me with a bill, suing me. It’s okay”. In November, the Nollywood actress, in an interview with media personality Chude Jideonwo, explained how she gave birth at 13. In October 2020, Ms Ameh lost her daughter, Aladi Godgift, who was over 30 years old. Her daughter died after an unsuccessful surgery in Abuja. The actress said that life had not remained the same since her daughter’s death.(NewsExpress). By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has said that the prospect of an Idoma person emerging as governor of the state in the future is achievable.  Governor Ortom spoke on Tuesday, June 7th, 2022 when he received a delegation of the Benue Rebirth Movement,… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has restated the commitment of his administration to prioritizing the welfare of traditional rulers in the State. Governor Ortom spoke on Thursday, June 30th, 2022 during the coronation and installation of the new Och'Idoma 5th, His Royal Majesty,… In "Top Stories" Ada Ameh, the veteran Nigerian actress, has fired back at a former Big Brother Naija housemate, Kate Jones, popularly known as Ka3na, for saying she is becoming a nuisance. Recall that Ameh had lambasted self-acclaimed investigative journalist, Kemi Olunloyo, for claiming that Sylvester Oromoni, a student of Dowen College who… In "Entertainment"