Abuja (Sundiata Post) – A Federal High Court, sitting in Makurdi, on Monday, rejected the application by the lawyer to Hon. Aida Nath Ogwuche, Barr. Kenneth Ikonne, asking the court to strike out the amendment to the originating summon filed by a House of Representatives Member, Dr. Francis Ottah-Agbo. Dr. Agbo, an incumbent Member representing Ado/Okpokwu/Ogbadibo Federal Constituency of Benue State, had dragged Hon. Ogwuche, the Peoples Democratic Party’s candidate for the seat before the court, seeking her disqualification on the grounds that she did not resign her employment with the Federal Inland Revenue Service 30 Days, before contesting, as stipulated by the 1999 Constitution and the Electoral Act as amended! The Chairman, House Committee on Narcotics Drugs, who came second at the just concluded PDP primaries, said his opponent only resigned her engagement with FIRS 2 days after she won the primary election. The Lawmaker who is also the Spokesman of the Minority Caucus, also told the court, through his Counsel, Chief Anthony Malik (SAN), that his opponent, Ms Ogwuche was also in the engagement of Benue State Government as Principal Special Assistant to the Governor without without resigning from her position, 30 Days before the primary election. Justice Abdu Dogo, while discrediting the application by Barr. Ikonne, insisted that the Court would entertain the motion for amendment, saying, doing otherwise would be inimical to the principle of fair hearing and justice. The trail Judge also adjourned to July 28, 2022, for ruling on the motion brought before it and for commencement of the determination of issues canvassed thereof. By TAIYE AGBAJE Governor Adegboyega Oyetola ABUJA- A Federal High Court in Abuja on Thursday, dismissed a suit seeking the disqualification of Gov. Adegboyega Oyetola of Osun as  the All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate,  in Saturday’s Governorship Election holding in the state.Delivering judgment, Justice Inyang Ekwo, declared that the suit… In "Politics" By TAIYE AGBAJEABUJA- A Federal High Court, Abuja, on Tuesday, fixed June 28 for report on the outcome of the Federal Government’s suit seeking an interpretation of Section 84(12) of the Electoral Amendment Act, 2022 before the Supreme Court.Justice Inyang Ekwo adjourned the matter after counsel for the plaintiff (Peoples… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - We read a mischievous media report credited to the All Progressives Congress, APC in Benue State accusing Governor Samuel Ortom of conspiring with some aspirants of the party to stop it from fielding a governorship candidate for the 2023 elections. In the same… In "Top Stories"