….Orders Fresh Primary Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The court on Thursday nullified Oborevwori’s election as the PDP candidate based on certificates issues and ordered the party to conduct a new primary.Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Federal High Court has nullified the election of Sheriff Oborevwori, as the Peoples Democratic Party’s governorship candidate in Delta State for the 2023 general elections. Oborevwori, who is currently the Speaker of the Delta State House of Assembly, is Governor Ifeanyi Okowa’s stooge and was allegedly imposed on the PDP in the state, causing internal ripples. The court on Thursday nullified Oborevwori’s election as the PDP candidate based on certificates issues and ordered the party to conduct a new primary before the final date of change of candidates. The Electoral Act does not permit the runner-up to automatically become the candidate. According to Fejiro Oliver, a journalist familiar with the development, “Sheriff Oborowheri has been disqualified by the Federal High Court on certificate issues. PDP has been asked to conduct a new primary before the final date of change of candidates. “This is where Okowa wants to actualise his Ijaw agenda to make James Manager the standard PDP flag bearer. He would rather die than see Edevbie succeed him.” Recall that Oborevwori emerged as the candidate of the PDP, after polling 590 out of 825 votes to beat former commissioner for finance, David Edevbie, who is the anointed candidate of former governor James Ibori with 113 votes to clinch the second position. Okowa recently nominated the state internal revenue board chairman, Monday Onyeme as the running mate to Oborevwori. It was reported that some chieftains and stakeholders of the party were angry that Okowa nominated the candidates without consulting them. This has further aggravated crisis, with some of them now looking to leave the party,  By MERCY OBOJEGHREN Chief Sheriff Oborevwori ASABA- The  Speaker,  Delta  House of Assembly, Chief Sheriff Oborevwori has advised residents of the state who were of voting age to  get their Permanent Voters Card (PVC) for the 2023 polls.Oborevwori, the 2023 governorship  candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP)  in Delta, … In "News" ... We’re proud of you, Ohanaeze tells Delta gov Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The identity of persons behind the emergence of Delta state governor, Ifeanyi Okowa over and above Nyesom Wike of Rivers State as running mate to Atiku Abubakar in the 2023 general election have emerged. Recall that indications… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - As the 2023 general election approaches a series of controversies have started to spring up on the political scene. The situation is akin to what transpired prior to the 2015 general election when the incumbent president was cut in the web of certificate… In "Top Stories"