KATSINA – Tragedy struck on Wednesday, July 6, 2022, as a fighter jet operated by the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) bombed Kunkuna village in the Safana Local Government Area of Katsina State, killing a yet-to-be ascertained number of villagers. Though details of the incident are still sketchy, it was learnt that the pilots of the military jet “accidentally” hit the wrong coordinates while targeting a camp belonging to bandits in the area. “A military jet earlier today dropped airstrikes on Kunkuna Village in Safana Local Government Area of ​​Katsina State. We cannot confirm the number of casualties now,” a source said. Calls put across to Air Force spokesman Edward Gabkwet were neither answered nor returned. On Tuesday, terrorists attacked an advance team in the convoy of President Muhammadu Buhari in Katsina. Villagers in the past have reported some civilian casualties in aerial bombardments in Northeastern Nigeria. In 2020, a military jet deployed to repel an attack by Boko Haram dropped a bomb that landed in a compound where civilians were having child christening. A fighter jet also on a mission against Boko Haram extremists in April 2021 mistakenly bombed men of the Nigerian Army, killing over 20 officers. The soldiers who were reinforced from Ngandu village were said to be on their way to Mainok, headquarters of the Kaga Local Government Area of Borno state which was under attack by militants from the Islamic State-backed faction of Boko Haram, the Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP), formerly known as Jamā’at Ahl as-Sunnah lid-Da’wah wa’l-Jihād. Some of the Chibok schoolgirls kidnapped by Boko Haram in 2014 and freed last year also said three of their classmates were killed by Air Force bombardments. In June 2021, an offensive aerial bombardment of the NAF Alpha jet carried out around Genu town in Niger State resulted in the killing of some wedding guests. In September 2021, about 10 villagers were killed after a military jet bombed a village in the Yunusari Local Government Area of Yobe State. A few days later, an Air Force jet dropped a bomb on a Nigerian community in the Lake Chad region. In February 2022, an airstrike by the Nigerian Air Force targeting bandits killed seven children and wounded five others by mistake in the Niger Republic. (SaharaReporters) PRNigeria reports reports that a Nigerian Air Force fighter jet on a mission against bandits in Kaduna State has mistakenly bombed a ground soldier. This comes as the fighter jets also killed scores of fleeing armed bandits in the area. It was learnt that the unnamed ground soldier lost his… In "News" KATSINA - Kastina Police Command said on Tuesday that terrorists numbering over 300 on motorcycles, shooting sporadically with AK 47 rifles and General Purpose Machine Guns (GPMG), ambushed and killed Area Commander, Dutsinma, ACP Aminu Umar and a gallant officer while on clearance operation of recalcitrant terrorists, in Zakka forest,… In "News" A bloody encounter with bandits has left at least six Nigerian soldiers dead. Many others were also injured during the encounter around Faskari Marabar Maigora area of Katsina State. The bandits also took away the dead officers rifles and ammunition. According to DAILY NIGERIAN the incident occurred around 8:20am on… In "News"