By Chibuike Nwabuko  At the beginning of hearing on Tuesday, the Complainant submitted her documentary evidences to the court and the Defendant’s Counsel, Barr. N. J. Obiezu accepted the submitted documents before the court. Justice Agbakoba while adjourning the case to 19th October, 2022 for continuation of hearing based on the agreement of the two Counsels, urged them to sort and arrange the documentary evidences in order for easy scrutiny during hearing on the adjourned date. The Complainant is expected to be cross-examined by the defendant’s Counsel during hearing on the adjourned date. Recall that the plaintiff, Mercy Orga sued the African Alliance Insurance to Court for abuse of public trust and undermining privilege of individuals and persons who work with it by secretly withdrawing award prizes after public presentation to the beneficiaries. The company which claims to be “a protected future for everyone, with the most experienced life insurance company in Nigeria” is being dragged to the court over its decision to withdraw award prizes given to the deserving beneficiaries in the presence of general public and the pressmen but went back to withdraw such prizes from the awardees secretly. In a suit No. NICN/ABJ/383/2019 (Mercy Aershimana Orga vs African Alliance Insurance Plc, the Claimant in her prayer asked the court to compel the Defendant, African Alliance Insurance Plc to return the car given to her as an award prize. Also, the Claimant is praying the court to among other things to order Alliance Insurance Plc to pay her the current value of the car ceased from her after after it was presented to her in public as an award prize due to her diligence and commitment to the job. According to Mercy A. Orga, the African Alliance Insurance PLC gave her a target on annuity of N240 million in that year but she exceeded the target by getting N500 million leading to her car award.. The counsel to the Claimant, Barr. Odu Onabe asked the court to declare that the forceful confiscation of the said car by the Defendant from the Claimant is tantamount to dehumanization of the Claimant by the Defendant, unlawful and therefore null and void. According to the Claimant, Mercy Orga, many of her colleagues had died as a result of recent draconian policies of the Defendant, African Alliance Insurance PLC. She noted that some her colleagues who were afraid of losing their job ended up losing their life, this was due to the inability of the company to allow medical leave.Orga noted that she was disengaged because she went for surgical operation. According to her, despite her illness, the company refused to give her medical leave. She prayed the court to order the company to pay her the value of the car ceased from her; payment of 2% of National Provision Fund money owed as contributory pension by the Defendant; payment of the balance of savings, and amount expended in the Markurdi office as well as payment of amount erroneously deducted from her by the misappropriation of the agents totaling about N10million. It was observed that the company is allegedly using different method to delay or frustrate the case at the National Industrial Court.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Justice E. N. Agbakoba of the National Industrial Court, sitting in Abuja on Thursday adjourned the hearing of alleged "Secret Withdrawal of Award Prize" brought against the African Alliance Insurance (AAI), to July 7, 2022. The Complainant Mercy A. Orga has through her… In "Top Stories" By GLORY ABUH-ADEJOH/TALATU MAIWADA ABUJA- The alleged culpable homicide suit against Peter Nwachukwu, husband of the late gospel singer, Osinachi in a Federal Capital Territory High Court on Monday, was stepped down in order for his lawyers to align themselves to represent him. When the matter slated for hearing before… In "News" By TAIYE AGBAJE Senator Rochas Okorocha ABUJA- Sen. Rochas Okorocha has sought for an order of a Federal High Court, Abuja, granting him leave to travel to the United States (U.S.) for medical treatment.Okorocha, through his lawyer, Daniel Alumun, made this known on Thursday when the matter came up before… In "News"