By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Peter Obi and the governorship candidate of the party for the Osun poll, Lasun Yusuff, on Wednesday descended on the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu, over a comment he reportedly made about their party which that they considered derogatory.Tinubu at the grand rally for the reelection of APC candidate, Adegboyega Oyetola on Tuesday, had said “they said some are in Labour, they will remain labourers till death”. Obi, who was in Osogbo, the Osun State capital, to support Yusuff at the party’s governorship rally, while addressing LP members, advised them that such a comment should be returned with love.He said, “I listened to our chairman when he said that somebody said that ‘they can labour till death.’ When they show you hatred, Labour Party will show them love. There is dignity in labour.” He also called on the people of Osun to support the party’s candidate in the governorship poll to give the state better leadership. Addressing the rally, Yusuff said the comment about the Labour Party by the APC leader was inconsistent with the attributes of a virtuous Yoruba man.He, however, promised to surprise those saying he would not get votes in Saturday’s election and urged LP members to work hard for victory at the poll.“He came back yesterday and said we should go and labour till death. That is not an attribute of a virtuous Yoruba person. I described them as people with anonymous background, we don’t know them, their life is anonymous,” Yusuff stated.Meanwhile, a cultural group, Yoruba Study Group, has adopted Lasun Yusuf as its preferred candidate for the Osun poll.The president of the group, Comrade Williams Adeosun, while speaking with newsmen in Osogbo, said, “Lasun Yusuff is very vibrant, experienced and influential. He is ready to bring his acumen to develop Osun. Look at the governorship debates that were organised in time past, he spoke intelligently, instead of some people who are dancing like a disco.“We are solidly behind him and we are committed and confident that he will win the forthcoming election,” he added.(Punch). •Peter Obi In the last few days, the social media space has been abuzz with the name of former Governor of Anambra State, Peter Obi on the lips of many Nigerians, majority of whom are youths below 30 years. The trend became noticeable after most political parties picked their presidential… In "Opinion" By STANLEY NWANOSIKE Mr Peter Obi ENUGU- The Movement for Election of Nigeria President of Igbo Extraction has extolled former Anambra Governor, Mr Peter Obi, on his election as the Presidential Candidate for Labour Party for 2023 presidential election.National Convener of the group, Mr Vincent Ezekwueme, made the commendation in… In "Politics" Peter Obi LAFIA - No fewer than 15,000 youths and women from northern Nigerian state of Nasarawa have vowed to support the presidential ambition of Peter Obi, the candidate of the Labour Party in the 2023 general election. Speaking to newsmen in Lafia on Sunday, the State Southern Zonal Chairman… In "Politics"