By SUNDAY BASSEY IBAKA- The Nigerian Navy Forward Operating Base (FOB), Ibaka, Akwa Ibom, has described reports of alleged invasion of the beach by pirates as untrue and misleading.The Base Operation Officer, Lt.-Cdr. Samuel Olowookere, said this during a meeting with a fishermen association on Wednesday in Ibaka.It would be recalled that some media reported that Ibaka beach located in Mbo Local Government Area was attacked on Saturday.Olowookere said that contrary to the reports, nobody was killed or abducted in the fishing settlement.”The report had claimed that nine boats were seized by pirates. This is not true; there was no such attack,” he said.The operation officer restated the commitment of the base to protecting lives and property of fishermen and other users of the waterway.The Spokesperson of the fishermen, Mr Ogunbiyi Johnbull, expressed shock at the report, describing it as unfortunate.”’How can such magnitude of attack occur and we won’t hear about it. We only read about it in the media.”We have very cordial relationship with the Nigerian Navy in Ibaka. They are doing a good job,” he said.Also speaking, a native of Ibaka, Mr Uduak Isemin, said it was wrong to spread information that would trigger fears. (NAN) By Sunday Bassey Mbo (Akwa Ibom) - The Forward Operating Base (FOB)  of the Nigerian Navy in Ibaka,  Akwa Ibom, has arrested six suspected smugglers and seized 256 bags of 50kg rice. The Commanding Officer of FOB, Capt. Peter Yilme, made the disclosure while handing over the suspects and items … In "News" By DESMOND EJIBAS ONNE (RIVERS)- President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday commended the Nigeria Navy for improving maritime security in the nation’s waters, prompting the delisting of Nigeria from countries affected by sea pirates. Buhari, represented by the Minister of Defence, Maj.-Gen. Bashir Magashi (rtd.) expressed delight with the development while… In "News" By GEORGE ODOK CALABAR- The Nigerian Navy Ship Victory (NNSV) has handed over 677 drums of suspected adulterated petrol valued at more than N11.7million to the Nigeria Security and Civil Defense Corps (NSCDC).Base Operation Officer of NNSV, Lt. Commander Clement Ayogu, handed over the product and six suspects to Mr… In "Metro"