By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has reiterated that the the deadline for Political Parties to upload their list of candidates to the INEC Candidate Nomination Portal (ICNP) is 15th July 2022. The National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, Festus Okoye Esq disclosed this on Wednesday in a statement he signed and made available to Sundiata Post. According to the statement, the Commission has processed 6,995 nomination forms (EC9) uploaded by 16 out of 18 political parties for the constituencies where they intend to sponsor candidates. The statement reads in full: As provided for in the Timetable and Schedule of Activities for the 2023 General Election released by the Commission on 26th February 2022, all political parties that conducted valid primaries are required to nominate their candidates for Governorship, Deputy Governorship and State Assembly elections via the INEC Candidate Nomination Portal (ICNP) from 1st – 15th July 2022. So far, the Commission has processed 6,995 nomination forms (EC9) uploaded by 16 out of 18 political parties for the constituencies where they intend to sponsor candidates. However, two political parties, the African Action Congress (AAC) and New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP), are yet to upload a single nomination to the portal. The Commission hereby reminds all political parties that they have three days left to upload their list of candidates to the ICNP. The deadline is Friday 15th July 2022. The portal will automatically shut down at 6.00pm on that date. Meanwhile, the Commission has continuously responded to requests for the issuance of Certified True Copies (CTCs) of documents mainly arising from the conduct of party congresses, primaries and nomination of candidates. The number of requests processed has now risen to one million, six hundred and sixty-two thousand, nine hundred and eighty seven (1,662,987) pages of documents. Sadly, in spite of the Commission’s effort, 147 out of 476 requests processed as at today involving 5,646 pages are yet to be collected by applicants. The Commission appeals to prospective litigants to come forward and collect the certifed copies of the documents. Festus Okoye Esq.National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education CommitteeWednesday 13th July 2022. By EMMANUEL OLONIRUHA ABUJA- The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has warned political parties that its candidate nomination portal for 2023 general elections would automatically shut down at 6 p.m on June 17 for national elections and 6 p.m on July 15 for state elections.The INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu,… In "Politics" ABUJA (Press Release) - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) met today, Thursday 30th June 2022 and deliberated on a number of issues, including the Continuous Voter Registration (CVR) exercise, the issuance of Certified True Copies (CTCs) of documents and the commencement of the Uploading of the List and Personal… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Contrary to it's earlier stand that it will not alter the 2023 election timetable so as not to disrupt other scheduled activities, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has succumbed to pressure from political parties and has granted their request to use the… In "Top Stories"