Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Inspector-General of Police, Usman Baba, has ordered a total ban on use of Police SPY Vehicle Number Plates by vehicle owners across the states of the federation without exception. This was contained in a statement by Force Public Relations Officer, Olumuyiwa Adejobi, on Wednesday. The statement was titled, ‘Internal security: IGP bans use of spy number plates nationwide … Directs reversal to original registered number plates, seizure of SPY plates’. The statement read, “This is irrespective of whether it is authorised, or not, as all authorizations are hereby revoked indefinitely. “This order is necessary to forestall the continuous disregard for traffic rules and regulations and other extant laws guiding road use by individuals hiding under the privileges of SPY police number plates. “The IGP has therefore directed that police officers and officers of other security agencies attached to VIPs who use the SPY number plates should ensure prompt compliance with this directive or risk being arrested for violation of the order. “Meanwhile, the IGP has directed Commissioners of Police in the 36 States of the Federation and the Federal Capital Territory, as well as their supervisory Assistant Inspectors General of Police, to give full effect to the directives as contained above. “The IGP specifically directed the AIGs and CPs to ensure that all SPY number plates currently in use are confiscated henceforth but the owners of such vehicles should not be arrested unless they are police officers or officers of other security agencies on escort duties. “The IGP however warned that while carrying out these assignments, officers must ensure the rights and privileges of citizens are respected in line with the laws of the land and in accordance with international best practices. “Other security agencies and members of the public are enjoined to cooperate with the Police in this regard as the moves are aimed at strengthening our internal security.” By ISHAQ ZAKI GASAU- The Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mr Usman Alkali, has presented cheques worth over N30.2 million to families of eight deceased policemen who lost their lives in active service. Zamfara Commissioner of Police, Mr Ayuba Elkanah, presented the cheques on behalf of the IGP, in Gusau… In "Metro" .... As IGP Assures of Firmer Synergy Amongst Security Agencies By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Chief of Defence Staff, General LEO Irabor has pronounced and reaffirmed that IGP Usman Alkali Baba, has performed credibly during his one year in office as the 21st Indigenous Inspector-General of Police.  The… In "Top Stories" ...Commends IGP’s Strict Compliance with NIPR Act By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Usman Alkali Baba, has been commended for upholding the tenets of the public relations practice. The Nigerian Institute of Public Relations (NIPR), in a letter previously circulated by the National President… In "Top Stories"