By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Public Relations Officer of Nigeria Correctional Service (NCoS), FCT Command, FCT Command, DCS Chukwuedo Humphrey has confirmed to our correspondent that the late gospel singer’s husband, Peter Nwachukwu is still in kuje prison. Chukwuedo also confirmed that the popular kidnap kingpin, Hamisu Bala (a.k.a. Wadume), is still in their custody. He stated this while debunking the reports that both Nwachukwu and Wadume escaped from the Kuje Prison during the July 5 Jailbreak at Kuje Custodial Centre, Abuja. “I just spoke with Peter Nwachukwu, before leaving the Kuje Prison. Also Wadume is still in the facility. “The report is false, reckless and mischievous. They are still in custody. “Efforts are ongoing to recapture all fleeing inmates”, he said. Recall that Mr. Peter Nwachukwu was remanded in Kuje Prison by a Federal Capital Territory High Court after being accused of killing his wife, the popular gospel singer, Osinachi Nwachukwu. Also, Hamisu Bala (Wadume) was arrested in August 2019 after being involved in several kidnap cases that bedeviled the Nigeria northern region. By IBIRONKE ARIYO ABUJA- The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has arrested one of the wanted terror suspects, who escaped from the Medium Security Correctional Centre, Kuje, on July 5.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that scores of terrorists had on July 5, launched a daring attack on… In "Metro" By GLORY ABUH-ADEJOH/TALATU MAIWADA ABUJA- The alleged culpable homicide suit against Peter Nwachukwu, husband of the late gospel singer, Osinachi in a Federal Capital Territory High Court on Monday, was stepped down in order for his lawyers to align themselves to represent him. When the matter slated for hearing before… In "News" By IBIRONKE ARIYO ABUJA- The Nigerian Correctional Service (NCoS) has said that four inmates of the Kuje Custodial Centre died and 879 escaped during the attack by the unknown Gunmen.The Service Public Relations Officer (SPRO), Mr Abubakar Umar, confirmed this in a statement on Wednesday in Abuja.Umar said that the… In "News"