LAGOS- A supporter of Peter Obi 2023 presidency, Mr Rasak Olaitan Idowu, has a chance of better treatment to save his life as concerned Nigerian masses have donated the sum of N1.6m for his surgery. The man who appeared in a viral video supporting Peter Obi in Lagos, was reportedly knocked down by a one-way vehicle about five days ago in Lagos. According to him, the accident happened after his video supporting Peter Obi vent viral. News Express gathered that a group of APC members approached him, and asked him to do a similar video for Tinubu’s campaign but he declined. Rasak said that he started receiving threats, both physical and phone calls. “They are angry that I am supporting an “Omo Igbo” (that is Peter Obi),” he reportedly said. But last Wednesday, while on his way to work, a speeding one way vehicle knocked him down.  He was rushed to the hospital where he was undergoing treatment. The hospital where he was first admitted demanded N600,000. According to him, the bill was too expensive, so he had to leave. News Express learnt that “this current hospital where he is now, a deposit has to be made before surgery can be performed on his injured leg scheduled for tomorrow (Tuesday). The surgery materials were procured yesterday (Monday),” said a source. “Mr Rasak is in Good spirit, and he said he will rather die than stop supporting Peter Obi.” the source added. “As at this evening, supporters of Peter Obi have raised over N1.6m for Mr Olaitan for his surgery. This is just to show how much Nigerian youths and Nigerians can go to help each other,” the source stressed. Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka Nigerians have come hard on a Catholic priest and Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry Enugu, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, for describing Labour Party presidential candidate, Peter Obi, as a “stingy man”. While condemning his statement, Nigerians on micro-blogging site, Twitter, claimed that the cleric tagged the… In "News" Peter Obi FORMER Anambra State governor Peter Obi is inspiring a powerful, social media-enabled, youth-led political tidal wave that will radically change the contours of the 2023 election. But APC and PDP operatives, still inebriated with the overconfidence of the size and deep pockets of their parties, are sniggering at… In "Opinion" •Peter Obi In the last few days, the social media space has been abuzz with the name of former Governor of Anambra State, Peter Obi on the lips of many Nigerians, majority of whom are youths below 30 years. The trend became noticeable after most political parties picked their presidential… In "Opinion"