Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Renowned Christian cleric, Archbishop Andrew Ede Julius, has warned the All Progressives Congress that continuous disregard for warnings over its Muslim-Muslim presidential ticket will lead to disaster in 2023. Julius said the team of Asiwaju Bola Tinubu and Kassim Shettima not only spells doom at the polls but could ultimately cost the lives of the candidates. He, however, urged the ruling party to make hay while the sun shines and avert the calamity ahead by doing the right thing in any way possible. The Archbishop, who gave these warnings in an interview in Abuja, thus joins the widespread criticism that has accompanied the APC’s same faith ticket. Tinubu’s choice of the former Borno State Governor as running mate has created a massive crack in the ruling party and some church leaders had lamented neglect, insensitivity and bias. And Archbishop Julius said after days of intense prayers and fast with over 100 clergymen, it was revealed that dark clouds hovers over the duo. He said God is not happy with the combination which negates the diversity of the nation especially at this critical time. According to him, the men of God prayed about the issue with lots of bitterness and God will not wait till the election day to show his wrath. Like Ezekiel, Juluis said God’s ire will fall on him and his colleagues if they fail to sound this warning to Tinubu. Quoting from Ezekiel 3:17-19, he said God warned that “Son of man, I have made you a watchman for the house of Israel (Nigeria). “Whenever you hear a word from my mouth, you shall give them warning from me. If I say to the wicked, ‘You shall surely die,’ and you give him no warning, nor speak to warn the wicked from his wicked way, in order to save his life, that wicked person shall die for his iniquity, but his blood I will require at your hand. “But if you warn the wicked, and he does not turn from his wickedness, or from his wicked way, he shall die for his iniquity, but you will have delivered your soul”. Julius said he doesn’t want calamity to befall him and his household hence his warning to the ruling party. According to him, God will display his fury in the form of death of the two presidential candidates should they insist on flying the same ticket. He added that God’s wrath will also be felt by other APC candidates throughout the country who he warned to wade in to avert grave consequences. “But if the watchman sees the sword coming and does not blow the trumpet, so that the people are not warned, and the sword comes and takes any one of them, that person is taken away in his iniquity, but his blood I will require at the watchman’s hand,” the cleric said about the Bible. “God is storing up wrath for ‘the day of wrath’ as revealed in Romans 2:5 which says ‘But because of your hard and impenitent heart you are storing up wrath for yourself on the day of wrath when God’s righteous judgment will be revealed’, you are warned Tinubu and Shettima”, he added. “The day is coming as surely as the sun rises tomorrow and when that day comes, it will be too late to beg for mercy for each man and woman will be judged according to their works and that culminates in the fierce wrath of God with unending torment (Rev 20:12-15). “Death looms. No one is spared from top to bottom. God isn’t happy. We have interceded to avoid immediate danger. But the wrath of God will surely come if the heart of Tinubu remains hardened to the calls of his servants. “We urge the ruling party to avert the bloodshed and withdraw the nomination of Shettima. God bless the APC. God bless Nigeria”. Bola Tinubu (left) and Kashim Shettima ABUJA - Social media influencer, Mrs Aisha Yesufu and some other Nigerians on Twitter have protested the choice of the former Governor of Borno State, Kashim Shettima as the running mate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu.  Tinubu is a… In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Loyalists of the All Progressives Congress presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, have said the party’s vice-presidential candidate, Kashim Shettima, will not be dropped in spite of criticism over his appointment.Various groups campaigning for the APC’s presidential candidate, in separate interviews with The PUNCH, faulted those, who… In "Top Stories" KINGSLEY OKOYE Senator Bola Tinubu, Senator Kashim Shettima ABUJA- Sen. Danladi Sankara (APC-Jigawa) has lauded Asiwaju Bola Tinubu for picking Sen. Kashim Shettima as his running mate for the 2023 presidential poll, saying it is a good formula to win the election.Sankara, also the Chairman, Senate Committee on Information and… In "Politics"