By OLUWASEYI ODUNEYE-OGUNWOMOJU IBADAN- The Oyo State House of Assembly on Monday approved the appointment of Adebayo Lawal as the new Deputy Governor, following the impeachment ofRauf Olaniyan. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the approval followed the nomination of Lawal to the lawmakers for consideration by Gov. Seyi Makinde as replacement for Olaniyan. NAN reports that Lawal, who is the Chairman of the State Housing Corporation had served as the state Attorney-General. He hails from Kisi in Irepo Local Government area. Lawal’s nomination is contained in a letter by the governor to the lawmakers, which was presented at the plenary. NAN reports that the House had gone on a short recess shortly after the impeachment of Olaniyan as the deputy governor. The lawmakers later reconvened at about 12.15 p.m to consider the appointment of the new deputy governor. The Speaker, Adebo Ogundoyin, while reading the letter from the Executive, said it was in response to an earlier letter sent by the lawmaker to the Governor dated July 18, informing him of the impeachment of Olaniyan. Defending the nomination of Lawal, the House Majority Leader, Sanjo Adedoyin, said that the nomination should be favourably considered, approved and adopt in view of his antecedents in contributing to the progress of the state. Seconding the motion, Kazeem Olayanju, representing Irepo/Olornsogo State Constituency, said that the House should confirm Lawal as the new Deputy Governor of Oyo State. In his remarks, the speaker put the nomination to a voice vote, which went the ways of the “ayes”. According to him, with the vote, Lawal has been approved as the Deputy Governor of the state. The House, however, adjourned plenary until July 21. (NAN) July 18, 2022 by Olagoke Olatoye AssemblyBy Oluwaseyi Oduneye-OgunwomojuIbadan, July 18, 2022 (NAN) The Oyo State House of Assembly on Monday approved the appointment of Adebayo Lawal as the new Deputy Governor, following the impeachment ofRauf Olaniyan. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the approval followed the nomination of Lawal to the lawmakers for consideration by Gov. Seyi Makinde as replacement for Olaniyan. NAN reports that Lawal, who is the Chairman of the State Housing Corporation had served as the state Attorney-General. He hails from Kisi in Irepo Local Government area. Lawal’s nomination is contained in a letter by the governor to the lawmakers, which was presented at the plenary. NAN reports that the House had gone on a short recess shortly after the impeachment of Olaniyan as the deputy governor. The lawmakers later reconvened at about 12.15 p.m to consider the appointment of the new deputy governor. The Speaker, Adebo Ogundoyin, while reading the letter from the Executive, said it was in response to an earlier letter sent by the lawmaker to the Governor dated July 18, informing him of the impeachment of Olaniyan. Defending the nomination of Lawal, the House Majority Leader, Sanjo Adedoyin, said that the nomination should be favourably considered, approved and adopt in view of his antecedents in contributing to the progress of the state. Seconding the motion, Kazeem Olayanju, representing Irepo/Olornsogo State Constituency, said that the House should confirm Lawal as the new Deputy Governor of Oyo State. In his remarks, the speaker put the nomination to a voice vote, which went the ways of the “ayes”. According to him, with the vote, Lawal has been approved as the Deputy Governor of the state. The House, however, adjourned plenary until July 21. (NAN) By CHIDINMA EWUNONU-ALUKO Deputy Governor Rauf Olaniyan IBADAN- The Oyo State Chief Judge, Justice Munta Abimbola, on Friday constituted a seven-man panel to investigate the allegations levelled against the Deputy Governor, Rauf Olaniyan, by the State House of Assembly.This is contained in a statement by Mrs Comfort Udoh, the Information… In "Politics" By OLUWASEYI ODUNEYE-OGUNWOMOJU Mr Rauf Olaniyan IBADAN- Oyo State House of Assembly on Monday impeached the Deputy Governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan, at its plenary. Olaniyan was found guilty of all the allegations levelled against him following the reports of a seven-man panel constituted by the state Chief Judge, Justice Munta… In "Politics" By CHIDINMA EWUNONU-ALUKO Deputy Governor Rauf Olaniyan IBADAN- The Oyo State High Court in Ibadan on Wednesday ordered the state House of Assembly to suspend the impeachment move against the Deputy Governor, Rauf Olaniyan.Justice Ladiran Akintola ruled that the lawmakers should maintain the status quo pending the hearing of the… In "News"