By ADEYEMI ADELEYE LAGOS- The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) in Lagos State, said that  thugs did not cart away its voter enrollment machines in Surulere as being reported in some sections of the media.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that some online media on Friday,   reported that  thugs  invaded INEC Continuous Voter Registration (CVR) centre, situated at St. Bridget Catholic Church ljesha,  in Surulere, and catered away INEC enrollment machines.Reacting to the development, INEC’s Public Relations Officer in Lagos state,  Mrs Adenike Oriowo told NAN that  though the exercise was   distrupted  because of the surge, no machine was stolen.“There were issues in the said CVR centre but  orderliness was  restored and the exercise continued  smoothly.“We have moved the registration in that centre  to another polling unit in the area,  and our officials have continued with the registration.“People should be patient. We shall register as many  people as possible. If people continue to disrupt the process, the opportunity to register more people before the deadline will be interrupted.“Our commitment is to register as many people as possible and we will try to do so within the limited time,” the INEC spokesperson said.Oriowo, who frowned at the last minute rush by many applicants, said the exercise had been on since June 2021 and many people did not take the advantage but waited till the deadline.“As it is, INEC started this process over a year ago. The surge we are experiencing in the last few weeks is expected, but people should as well be patient.“The commission will do everything possible to register as many people as possible. We will try as much as possible to capture everybody,” she added.Oriowo said that INEC had also been monitoring the CVR processes in the state.NAN recalls  that the CVR which commenced in June 2021 would be concluded on July 31, ahead of the 2023 general elections. (NAN) ....Calls for investigation of allegations of bribery and non-deployment of personnel in some Registration Centers ....Commends INEC for deploying additional 209 machines to Kano, Lagos and five states in the Southeast. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - As part of efforts to provide independent oversight of the Continuous Voter… In "Top Stories" By ADEYEMI ADELEYE Mr Olusegun Mobolaji, the newly elected IPAC Chairman in Lagos State LAGOS- The Inter-Party Advisory Council (IPAC) has urged INEC to make extension of the Continuous Voter Registration (CVR) worthwhile by providing enough Voter Enrolment Devices (IVED) to match the surge of applicants seeking registration.The IPAC Chairman… In "News" By GAMI TADANYIGBE KUJE (FCT)- Three days to the end of the Continuous Voters Registration (CVR) by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), massive turnout has been recorded on Friday in Kuje Area Council of FCT.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the exercise, which was generally peaceful, orderly… In "News"