By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom on Wednesday noted that the Labour Party’s Presidential Candidate, Peter Obi was one among those qualified Nigerians that the people were looking forward to having him to take the country out of the leadership conundrum. This coming as he has challenged Presidential Candidates of the various political parties for next year’s general election to put Nigeria first above personal interests. Governor Ortom threw the challenge when he received at his private residence in Abuja, the Presidential Candidate of the Labour Party, Mr Peter Obi who paid him a visit. This was contained in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur made available to Sundiata Post. Ortom said Nigerians were in dire need of people with “commitment and competence” that would fix the leadership crisis that has plunged the country into outright chaos. Governor Ortom commended the decision of the former Anambra Governor to engage Nigerians, especially major players in the country’s politics, irrespective of political leaning on his desire to serve as the country’s next President. He said even though he was a major stakeholder of the People’s Democratic Party, PDP, the candidate considered him as a Nigerian to consult on his aspiration. Earlier, the Labour Party Presidential Candidate, had explained that the visit was to show respect to his former political ally in the PDP, noting that although they were now in different political parties, their friendship as citizens of the country was most important. Responding to the question that he does not have the needed structures to win elections, Obi maintained that the millions of Nigerians who have been impoverished by bad leadership over an extended period “are my structures to win”. He pointed out that it was time for all hands to be on deck to correct the wrongs for a better Nigeria. The two leaders had met for about an hour behind closed doors after which they jointly addressed journalists on the thrust of their meeting.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Deputy Chairman, Media and Public Affairs, House of Representatives, Hon. Victor Afam Ogene, has described the Labour Party Presidential Candidate, Peter Obi, as "a symbol of the People's Revolution geared towards the enthronement of a new Nigeria." In a statement commemorating the… In "Politics" …says the takeover of Nigeria by PDP has begun By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -. Benue State Governor Dr. Samuel Ortom has congratulated the Osun state Governor-Elect , Senator Ademola Adeleke for his victory at the Saturday’s gubernatorial election. He praised Senator Adeleke for his steadfastness, hard work and… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has congratulated the former Vice President, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, on his nomination as the Presidential Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP), at the just concluded party primary held in Abuja. Ortom's congratulatory message was contained in a… In "Top Stories"