ABUJA – There are strong indications that the attack on troops of the Guards Brigade on special patrol of the Bwari general area in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) may have been a product of sabotage.Military and security sources, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, alleged that compromise could not be ruled out as elements of the Guards Brigade have the best of training on “protection, and attack neutralisation,” New Telegraph, is reporting. The elite forces were ambushed during patrol on the Kubwa – Bwari Expressway, in a special operation following actionable intelligence of planned terrorist attack on the Nigerian Law School Campus in Bwari, headquarters of Bwari Area Council of the Federal Capital Territory, according to reports, which quoted authorities, as confirming, confirmed that “three casualties,” in the said attack. “Let me be frank with you, there is just no way you will rule out possible sabotage in what happened to our gallant troops of Guards Brigade extraction. Look, they are one of the finest we have in the  Armed Forces of Nigeria (AFN), within the context of high-level protection, and neutralisation of planned attacks,” one of the sources noted. This came as it has been confirmed that three soldiers may have been killed in action during the fierce encounter which was successfully repelled, with Assistant Director, Army Public Relations (Guards Brigade), Capt. Godfrey Abakpa, while confirming casualties, however, denying reports of abduction of or missing soldiers. He said: “No soldier was abducted. We only had three casualties and they  were evacuated.” (New Telegraph) By SUMAILA OGBAJE Brigade Godfrey Abakpa ABUJA- The Nigerian Army has confirmed three soldiers killed during the attack on troops of 7 Guards Battalion on Sunday by suspected terrorists in Bwari axis of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT).Contrary to conflicting media reports of casualties, the Assistant Director, Army Public Relations,… In "Metro" ....Katsina communities invaded, troops patrol Abuja as police allay fearsAbuja (Sundiata Post) - There were strong indications on Tuesday that two terrorist groups, the Islamic State West Africa Province and Boko Haram, were planning to attack some states in the North-West, North-Central and South-West. It was learnt that security agencies… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - In what appears to be a daring adventure, suspected terrorists on Tuesday, near Dutsinma, Katsina State, ambushed the convoy of cars conveying the Presidency’s advance team of security guards, protocol and media officers, killing two policemen in the process. The Presidency officials were… In "Top Stories"