ABUJA – Who ordered the immediate withdrawal of soldiers hitherto guarding the Kuje Prison, 24 hours before the attack on the facility by terrorist on Tuesday night? This was the question the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) raised on Wednesday, while condemning the incident, and calling the Federal Government led by the All Progressives Congress as complicit in the attack. Stating that the incident fell within the narrative that the APC government, was deliberately allowing massive insecurity in the country so as not to conduct the 2023 election, the main opposition party said the simultaneous terrorist attacks on the advance convoy of President Muhammadu Buhari in Katsina State, “underscored the collapse of our security command and control structure under the failed, ineffective and uncoordinated Buhari-led APC administration.” PDP, in a statement, signed by its spokesman. Debo Ologunagba, said: “The terrorist attack on President Buhari’s convoy in his home State of Katsina as well as the ferocious invasion and the freeing of hundreds of terrorists and criminals from the Kuje Correctional Facility further confirm that Mr. President has lost control of the security of the nation and that Nigerians are no longer safe under the APC.” It added: “The escalated spate of terrorism across the country has heightened apprehensions of complicity by the APC to open up our nation to more terrorist attacks with the view to stall the 2023 general elections. “The failure of the APC administration to act on the intelligence provided by the Directorate of State Services (DSS) which on Tuesday July 5, 2022 reportedly warned of an impending attack on the Kuje Correctional Facility gives credence to fears by Nigerians of complicity at very high level of the APC administration. “This is in addition to further reports that soldiers deployed to the precinct of the Kuje Correctional Facility and who had become familiar with the terrain were redeployed 24 hours before the terrorists attacked. “The PDP demands that the APC government should come clean on who ordered the reported redeployment of soldiers and who failed to act on the intelligence provided by the DSS. Nigerians can recall the public confession by the Kaduna State Governor, Mallam Nasir el-Rufai at the wake of the bloody Abuja-Kaduna terrorist attack that the APC-led administration knows the whereabouts and the plans of the terrorists ravaging our nation but deliberately refused to act. Nigerians will also recall how APC leaders publicly romanced and paid money to terrorists. “It is rather distressing that President Buhari appears helpless without any decisive and concrete steps taken to stem the tide of terrorist attacks in our country. Even more curious is that President Buhari continues to retain Mr. Isa Pantami as Minister of Communication and Digital Economy to head and coordinate this very critical sector in the fight against terrorism in our country in spite of Isa Pantami’s confession of affiliation to terrorists. “With the sequence of events in the last 48 hours, it is clear to Nigerians that the APC government headed by President Buhari has failed in the basic purpose of government which is to secure life and properties of the citizens. “Given the urgency of the security situation in the country, it has become imperative that President Buhari convenes an emergency Council of State meeting for a review of the prevailing dangerous security atmosphere in our country. “The PDP also calls on the National Assembly to pass a vote of no confidence in Isa Patimi and insist on his immediate removal as a minister. The National Assembly should also immediately summon the Security Chiefs for a thorough investigation on the circumstances resulting in the failure of our security system. “The PDP urges Nigerians to remain at alert and keep hope alive as the nightmare of the APC administration will be over by May 2023.” Kuje Prison after the attack ABUJA - The Islamic State in West Africa Province (ISWAP) has claimed responsibility for the attack on Kuje Prison in Abuja. Terrorists had broken into the prison, on Tuesday night, and released over 800 inmates, including high-profile suspects. In a footage on Wednesday night, the… In "Top Stories" File photo of Abba Kyari, suspected drug trafficker in court ABUJA - Prison officials are considering moving suspended police officer Abba Kyari to the custody of the Department of Security Service (DSS) from the Kuje prison, Abuja, after he nearly got murdered by aggrieved inmates, who accused him of insincerity… In "Top Stories" Suleja Prison ABUJA -Kuje Medium Prison, Abuja on Tuesday night came under heavy bombardment by unknown terrorists, throwing the entire area Council into confusion. The first explosion, a high capacity bomb, went off around 10.25pm. It was followed by second and third blast and sporadic gunshots that left the residents… In "Top Stories"