Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The governorship candidate of the Accord Party in Osun State, Dr Akin Ogunbiyi, has lamented that the Independent National Electoral Commission is slow in the ongoing governorship election in the state. Ogunbiyi expressed his displeasure while speaking with our correspondent after casting his vote at unit 03, ward 05, Methodist Primary School, Ileogbo town in the Ayedire Local Government Area of the state. He, however, declared that he would win the election convincingly. “I am not entertaining any fear because I have done my homework and highlighted the programmes I have for the good people of Osun State. I will win this election convincingly, no doubt about it. “But I discovered that the exercise here is too slow. The INEC officials here told me that only 35 persons have voted as at past 10.30am and we have over 500 eligible voters in this unit. “They need to step up the process. We don’t want to start hearing that voting will stop by 3:00pm thereby disenfranchising so many voters. They need to put in more efforts and be fast about it. “The reports I got from across the state showed massive turn out of voters and that the exercise is peaceful, orderly and without violence as of this morning.” Abuja (Sundiata Post) -. Governor Adegboyega Oyetola is yet to cast his vote as at 10.22 am on Saturday.Oyetola, who is the gubernatorial candidate of the All Progressives Congress in Osun State, is yet to show up for accreditation at LEA primary school, Popo, Igbaji in Boripe Local Government Area… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - In continuation of the illegal practice of vote-buying that has characterised elections in the country, many political parties participating in today’s governorship election in Osun State have devised new strategies to induce voters, findings revealed.Our correspondents gathered that in spite of serial denials by the parties,… In "Top Stories" ....Over 23,100 security officials deployed as Osun prepares for gov poll Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Ahead of the Saturday governorship election in Osun State, the police and other security agencies, including the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, have declared war on vote-buyers and mapped out strategies to checkmate their… In "Top Stories"