ABUJA – The presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP) in the 2023 general election, Mr. Peter Obi, has showed class on Sunday when he advised his supporters to be more tolerant of the opposition in order not to shut doors on future collaborations. Obi, who has some of the most dedicated and loyal supporters in this election cycle, made the appeal in the wake of the statement by the presidential candidate of the New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP), Alhaji Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, on why his party is finding it difficult to consummate an alliance with the Labour Party. In a statement on his verified Twitter handle, Obi appealed to his supporters to imbibe the virtue of tolerance in the course of campaigning for his presidential bid. While thanking them for their overwhelming and unqualified support and for believing in him and his commitment to building a united, secure and well-functioning Nigeria, Obi, nevertheless, admonished them to be graceful even in expressing their support “so as not to precipitately shut doors to future collaborations on sustainable nation-building.” “I sincerely thank my supporters for believing in me and my commitment to building a united, secure and well-functioning Nigeria. However, I appeal once more that we should be tolerant of other people’s views, dissent and divergent opinions & possibly learn from them,” Obi tweeted through his verified Twitter handle, @PeterObi. ·“While the frustration and anger in the country is understandable, we must strive to channel that energy positively in ways that will earn the support and collaboration of others. “Even as our message continues to gain broad acceptance, there are some we still need to work to convince. In expressing ourselves, we should do so with grace so as not to precipitately shut doors to future collaborations on sustainable nation-building. –PO.” •Peter Obi In the last few days, the social media space has been abuzz with the name of former Governor of Anambra State, Peter Obi on the lips of many Nigerians, majority of whom are youths below 30 years. The trend became noticeable after most political parties picked their presidential… In "Opinion" .... Ex-VP, PDP fear regional divisions in S’East, North may work for APC candidate .....Former Lagos gov moves to douse Muslim-Muslim ticket tension Abuja - The leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party and its presidential candidate for the 2023 election, Atiku Abubakar, are mulling over the option of engaging the… In "Top Stories" •Peter Obi (left) and Rabiu Kwankwaso ABUJA - The much-talked about mega party that will have the capacity to face the two behemoths – Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the All Progressives Congress (APC) – may be a reality in the 2023 elections going by the revelations of the former… In "Top Stories"