Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Senator representing Adamawa North, Ishaku Abbo has blasted the blasted All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate Bola Ahmed Tinubu for picking a Muslim as his running mate, describing action as very irresponsible. Mr Abbo has since resigned his membership of a His support group over the Muslim-Muslim ticket of the APC, according to report by Peoples Gazette.“For Tinubu now to be given the ticket and turn around to do what he couldn’t achieve in 2015 despite opposition from Catholics and other Christian leaders is extremely irresponsible,” the federal legislator added. He accused the APC flagbearer of refusing to take a cue from the opposition against his vice-presidential ambition and how President Muhammadu Buhari opted for a Christian running mate in 2015. “Buhari fought a civil war and understands the consequences of a divided nation. When Tinubu wanted to be VP in 2015, Buhari said no because he understood the importance of unity,” explained Mr Abbo. The former Lagos Governor, on Sunday, announced Kashim Shettima, a serving senator representing Borno central and ex-Borno governor, as APC vice-presidential candidate. Mr Abbo explained how he met with a support group in Abuja in search of a running mate for Mr Tinubu. The group concluded that Mr Tinubu should not pick a Muslim as his running mate for the 2023 presidential election, he told The Gazette.“We sat down in Abuja and strategised, and we concluded that he should not take a Muslim as running mate. He (Tinubu) threw away the report. My conscience will not allow me to campaign for Tinubu. I am a member of CAN; I cannot deny CAN. I remain in APC. But I will take the survival of my country first over political considerations,” said Mr Abbo.He added, “We cannot work for such a man. I will oppose (a) Christian-Christian ticket because I am invested in the stability of this country. A Christian-Christian ticket will be insensitive to Muslims of this country. The country is evenly divided among Muslims and Christians. So any government that is Muslim-Muslim will be illegitimate and will never gain the respect of Christians.” The National Vice Chairman (North-West) of All Progressives Congress, Mallam Salihu Lukman, says the noise over a perceived Muslim-Muslim ticket is a ploy to distract the APC presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu. This is even as the member of the National Working Committee disclosed that he was not surprised to… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Senate President, Dr Bukola Saraki, has said he voted against a Muslim-Muslim presidential ticket when the All Progressives Congress was consulting on who would be chosen as the then party’s candidate and running mate in 2014. In a statement by the Head… In "Top Stories" ABUJA - The decision of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, presidential candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in the 2023 election to run a Muslim-Muslim ticket appears to be causing ripples in the party as Daniel H. Bwala, the party’s national legal adviser, has resigned from APC in protest.… In "Top Stories"