By HUSSAINA YAKUBU KADUNA- Gov. Nasir El-rufai of kaduna State has advocated for a robust action against terrorists that are menacing people, including bombardments of their locations.This is contained in a statement by Muyiwa Adekeye, Special Adviser to the Governor on  Media and Communications and made available to newsmen on Friday in Kaduna.According to him,  Nasir El-Rufai hosted a live media programme in Hausa on Wednesday when he responded  to questions related to the deteriorating security situation of the country.His response  included a reminder that he had, for at least five years,  advocated for robust action against the terrorists.The governor disclosed that he briefed President Muhammadu Buhari on  the gravity of the security situation and informed him that the terrorists had made threats to abduct the President and himself.The statement said, as  a digitally-active governor with a significant presence in the social media, he was the first to draw the attention of Mr. President to the viral video making the rounds that day.“It is incumbent on him to share information with the President, without prejudice to any security or media reports that the President may receive from any other sources. The President had not seen the viral video at the point in time.He said the storylines by a section of the media that this amounted to a failure by the security agencies to brief Mr. President was not what the governor expressly said in the Hausa language interview.“At all times, it is important that the media exercises restraint and ensures contextual accuracy in reporting, and avoids issues that may arise from or be lost in translation.”According to him, media must not by acts of commission or omission, glorify the terrorists or demonise officials charged with the duty to contain and destroy them.” Nigeria’s security challenges should neither be politicised nor deployed to mislead our people,” he said.(NAN) By ABDUL HASSAN Senator Uba Sani KADUNA- Sen. Uba Sani, the All Progressives Congress (APC) Kaduna State governorship candidate, says the state will deliver maximum votes to Asiwaju Bola Tinubu in the 2023 presidential election.Sani, also the Senator representing Kaduna Central at the National Assembly, said this at the inauguration… In "Politics" By AMEN GAJIRA Governor Nasir El-rufai KAFANCHAN- Gov. Nasir El-rufai on Wednesday inaugurated an early warning and response strategy committee to stem the tide of attacks in the southern parts of  Kaduna state.El-rufai inaugurated the committee in Kafanchan at a Town Hall meeting on public participation and  stakeholders’ engagement  for… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Malam Nasir Ahmad El-Rufai has felicitated with the Muslim faithful in Kaduna State on the occasion of Eid el Fitr. The governor offered his congratulations on the successful completion of Ramadan, praying Almighty Allah to accept the acts of worship, abstinence and charity… In "Top Stories"