Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Sultan of Sokoto and President General Nigeria Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar III, has urged Muslim to imbibe the spirit of forgiveness and sacrifices among one another. Abubakar, who made the assertion in his Sallah message to Nigerians on Saturday in Sokoto, said Muslim should hold on to the lessons of Eid-el-Kabir. “We should continue to thank the Almighty Allah for His blessings and gift of life to celebrate this great moment. The security challenges we are facing in our country has continue to remain a source of concern and worrisome. “As such, we should use this period of worship to pray for our leaders, security agencies and the nation to prosper. Moreover, as leaders, we will not get tired of calling on the citizens to continue to pray for our country. Therefore, we should sustain more prayers for peace, unity and prosperity of Nigeria. “Our security agencies should always be appreciated and encourage for the sustained effort and commitment to address our current situation,” he said. The Sultan further called on Muslim Ummah in the country to obtain their Permanent Voter Cards to elect leaders of their desire.He appealed to politicians to fear Allah and ensure peaceful electioneering processes in the country. Abubakar appreciated the Sokoto State Government for its sustain support to the needy and vulnerable in the society. He also appreciated security agencies for their dedication in addressing security challenges in the country. Minister lauds NigeriansMeanwhile, the Minister of Police Affairs, Alhaji Muhammad Dingyadi, has commended Nigerians for their resilience towards building a strong, democratic and prosperous Nigeria.Mr Osaigbovo Ehisienmen, the Press Secretary to the minister, in statement on Saturday in Abuja, said the minister gave the commendation in his Eid-el-Kabir message to Nigerians. Dingyadi, who said Eid-el-Kabir signified sacrifice, selflessness and obedience to God, enjoined Nigerians to continue to support government’s commitment to retooling the nation’s security infrastructure. He said the idea was to enhance safety of lives and property. According to him, the recent deployment of 10,000 trained police constables to their local governments of origin, will help in advancing community policing strategy and enhance human intelligence. By YAHAYA ISAH ABUJA- The Federal Government has declared Monday and Tuesday as public holidays to mark this year’s Eid-el-Kabir celebration.This is contained in a statement issued by the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Interior, Dr Shuaib Belgore, on Thursday in Abuja.Belgore said the Minister of Interior,   Rauf Aregbesola,  who made… In "News" By IFEANYI OLANNYE Governor Ifeanyi Okowa ASABA- Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta and Vice-Presidential Candidate of the PDP, has congratulated Muslims in the country as they celebrated the  Eid-el-Kabir.Okowa’s felicitation is contained in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Olisa Ifeajika, on Saturday in Asaba.Okowa urged Muslims to… In "News" By OLUWATOPE LAWANSON Senator Bola Tinubu LAGOS- APC 2023 Presidential Candidate, Sen. Bola Tinubu has urged Muslim faithful to always strive to conduct their daily lives in accordance with the clear and beneficial message of Eid.Tinubu in a statement by his media spokesperson Mr Tunde Rahman, on Friday in Lagos, … In "News"