By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Ifeanyi Okowa, governor of Delta, says his secondary school result was the second-best in the country when he graduated in 1976. Okowa is the vice-presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the 2023 general election. The governor spoke on Tuesday at a media briefing after inspecting some projects in the state-owned university in Ozoro, Isoko north LGA. Okowa said although he had lost his West Africa Examination Certificate (WAEC), he made a “distinction in all subjects”. “On the issue of my certificate, I think it is a misconception. People try to play politics with everything,” he said. “Yes, I lost my WAEC certificate, but I have the printout from Edo College, Benin City, which clearly stated that I have a distinction in all subjects. “The higher school certificate was attached and it has been acknowledged by Edo College and the school put it out there that I made an A, B, B.“I do not pride myself but it was very difficult to make such a grade in higher school at that time. “My high school result was the second-best nationally in 1976 when I finished. So many universities admitted me through telegram at that time, and I had to start making choices of which to accept.” The Delta governor added that he was less than 22 years old when he graduated from the university. “Of course, it is very clear that I finished medical school at the University of Ibadan. I was 21 years and some months; I was less than 22 years of age,” he said. Okowa is among the candidates running for elective office in 2023 that are said to have informed the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) that their academic credentials are missing. He had reportedly said in an affidavit that the “original of the said certificate issued to me is now missing, lost and cannot be found”. By EMMANUEL OLONIRUHA Atiku Abubakar/Ifeanyi Okowa ABUJA- Former Vice-President Atiku Abubakar and Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) presidential candidate has chosen Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta as his running mate for the 2023 poll.Abubakar said this at an unveiling of his running mate at the PDP national secretariat in Abuja on… In "Politics" By IFEANYI OLANNYE At the arrival of Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta, his wife Edith and others at a welcome reception after Okowa was nominated as PDP Vice Presidential Candidate for 2023 general election,   organised by the party on Thursday in Asaba pix by NAN 23/06/2022 ASABA- Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa… In "Politics" By FLORENCE ONUEGBU Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State (Left) and Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, PDP Presidential candidate (Right) LAGOS- The Niger Delta Rights Assembly (NDRA) says the choice of Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State, as running mate to the Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Atiku… In "Politics"