By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate has confirmed the nomination of Mr. Joe Aniku Michael Ohiani as Director-General of the Infrastructure Concession Regulatory Commission (ICRC). The nominee’s confirmation followed the consideration of the Committee on Works.Chairman of the Committee, Senator Adamu Aliero (PDP – Kebbi Central), in his presentation, said Ohiani was asked questions on the mandate of ICRC, and how he would apply the knowledge and experience gathered over time to enhance the workings of the Commission.The lawmaker informed his colleagues that, “the nominee responded intelligently and provided satisfactory answers to all questions asked.”The panel, in its recommendation, stated that, “after careful and diligent assessment of the nominee’s extensive resume, performance during the screening exercise, knowledge, experiencer and character, the Committee considers him suitable for confirmation as the Director-General of the Infrastructure Regulatory Commission.”The nominee was confirmed, thereafter, by the upper chamber. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has received a formal request from President Muhammadu Buhari, to confirm Mohammed Bello Shehu as Chairman of the Revenue Mobilisation Allocation and Fiscal Commission. The request was contained in a letter read by the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, at plenary on… In "Top Stories" By OKEOGHENE AKUBUIKEABUJA- The Infrastructure Concession Regulatory Commission (ICRC) says Nigeria will begin local production of uniforms for its military and paramilitary personnel from January 2023.The commission said in a statement signed by its Acting Head, Media and Publicity, Manji Yarling, on Monday in Abuja, that the production of the… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has confirmed the nomination of Dr. Hale Gabriel Longpet (Plateau) as Resident Electoral Commissioner for the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC).  Longpet’s confirmation followed the consideration of a report by the Committee on Electoral Matters.  Chairman of the Committee, Senator Kabiru… In "Top Stories"