By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) – The National Leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has nominated Senator Ibrahim Gobir representing Sokoto East as the new Senate Leader and Chairman of the APC caucus in the Senate. The party’s decision was contained in a letter addressed to the President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, and signed by the National Chairman, Abdullahi Adamu.The letter was read by Senator Ahmad Lawan, at the start of plenary on Wednesday. Gobir replaces the former Senate Leader, Yahaya Abdullahi (Kebbi North), who defected from the ruling party to the People’s Democratic Party (PDP). Until his nomination, Senator Gobir chaired the Committee on National Security and Intelligence in the ninth assembly. The nomination letter reads, “With reference to your letter No.: NASS9thS/SP/D/12/ dated 16th June, 2022, in which you informed the party of the vacancy of the office of the Senate Leader of our party. “Accept herewith, the party’s nomination of Senator Ibrahim Gobir (Sokoto East Senatorial District) as replacement for the Senate Leader and Chairman of the APC Caucus. “While thanking you for the usual cooperation, please accept the assurances of our best regards.” By KINGSLEY OKOYE Senator Ibrahim Gobir ABUJA- The National Leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has nominated Sen.Ibrahim Gobir (Sokoto East) as the new Senate Leader and Chairman of the APC caucus in the Senate. The Party’s decision is contained in a letter addressed to the President of the… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate, Wednesday, received the nomination of Senator Danjuma La’ah (Kaduna South) as the new Deputy Minority Whip of the Senate from the People’s Democratic Party (PDP). La’ah’s nomination was contained in a letter addressed to the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, and read… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate has passed a bill to establish the National Commission for the Coordination and Control of the Proliferation of Small Arms and Light Weapons. The passage of the National Commission Against the proliferation of Small Arms and Light Weapons (Establishment) Bill, 2022,… In "Top Stories"