By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Peoples Democratic Party has counselled the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu, to know that rushing to Abuja in the face of the defeat of his party in the Osun State Governorship election cannot overturn “the will of the people at the poll”. PDP said this in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Debo Ologunagba, on Saturday. Recall that Tinubu was earlier in Osun State ahead of the poll before leaving for Abuja. The statement read, “Our Party is already aware that APC leaders are rushing to Abuja in a desperate move to manipulate the process and frustrate the smooth conclusion of the election, having realized that the APC has been rejected by the people. “Asiwaju Tinubu must know that the people of Osun State have spoken and that his running to Abuja cannot save the deflated Governor Gboyega Oyetola from the reverberating verdict of the ballot box. “Our Party charges the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) and the APC leadership in Abuja to note that the course of the election is already known to all and that the people of Osun State will never accept any outcome to the contrary. “The PDP charges INEC to resist the manipulations and pressure from the APC by sticking to its assurance to the people that the election will be transparent and conclusive at the first ballot. “The PDP congratulates the people of Osun State and urges them to remain at alert, protect their votes and ensure that the results declared at the polling centers are not altered but duly reflected at the collation and final declaration. “We also congratulate all democratic institutions, stakeholders and all patriots who stood by the people to achieve this great shift.” By ADEYEMI ADELEYE LAGOS- The Alliance for Democracy (AD) on Friday declared support for the re-election of Gov. Gboyega Oyetola, the All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate in Saturday’s governorship election in Osun.This is contained in a statement issued by the Chairman and Secretary of the party’s Convention Planning Committee, Malam… In "Politics" By VICTOR ADEOTI Senator Bola Tinubu, Ahmad Lawan, Senator Abdullahi Adamu OSOGBO- Sen. Abdullahi Adamu, the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu, the party’s Presidential candidate and the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, have urged people of Osun to re-elect Gov. Gboyega Oyetola, during Saturday’s governorship election.Also,… In "Politics" By VICTOR ADEOTI Governor Adegboyega Oyetola OSOGBO- Gov. Adegboyega Oyetola of Osun  has congratulated Mr Biodun Oyebanji, the gubernatorial candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti, on his victory at Saturday’s governorship election in the state.This is contained in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Ismail… In "Politics"