By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – As Nigerians join the rest of the world to mark this year Eld-el-Kabir, the Institute for Peace and Conflict Resolution (IPCR) has enjoined the citizens to remember the importance of unity, peace and security in a nation’s development. The Director-General of IPCR, Dr Bakut T. Bakut, in a statement, told Nigerians to keep the flag of unity high, as unity and peace are the hallmarks of a progressive nation. He noted that insecurity is an aberration to any nation that has the drive and desire to grow and break the vicious circle of underdevelopment. The Director-General urged Nigerians to use this period of eId-el-Kabir celebration to pray for the peace, unity and progress of the nation. He reminded fellow citizens that nation-building is the responsibility of all and therefore, every Nigerian should rise to the occasion to build a Nigeria of our dream. “As an Institute, we are aware of the enormous challenges bedevilling our country, nevertheless, we should keep hope alive and continue to have faith that a new Nigeria will rise from the ashes of these challenges. Let our thoughts and actions be peaceful, tolerant, and receptive towards one another as this is the only organic means to change the dangerous narrative that has eaten deep into our social fabrics and national cohesion”, Bakut added. IPCR also urges Nigerians to take a sober reflection, and connect their hearts to God in the spirit of the season for the restoration of our dear country. The Director-General observed that if over 200 million Nigerians will stand for peace henceforth, then the implication is that a circle of peace would encircle the nation and fill up not only the violent spaces but also, reposition the country on the path of peace and progress. The Director-General implored Nigerians to continue supporting the effort of the President and security agencies by providing the right and timely Intel to the appropriate authorities to enforce action. The Director-General wishes all Muslim Faithfuls a Happy Eid-el Kabir Celebration. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Director-General, Institute for Peace and Conflict Resolution (IPCR)Dr. Bakut Bakut has condemned the killing of innocent worshippers during a church service at St Francis Catholic church, Owo, Ondo State on Sunday, June 5, 2022. He described the gruesome massacre of the defenseless… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Director-General, Institute for Peace and Conflict Resolution (IPCR), Dr. Bakut Bakut, has condemns the killing of Deborah Samuel, a student of College of Education, Sokoto, on Thursday 12 May, 2022 over alleged blasphemous statement against the Holy Prophet Mohammed (PBUH). Bakut called… In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Academic Staff Union of Research Institutions (ASURI) has raised the alarm over alleged resort to witch-hunting of Union leaders by the Director General of the institute for Peace and Conflict Resolution (IPCR), Dr Bakut Tswah Bakut, instead of focusing on his mandate of finding solutions and… In "Top Stories"