ABUJA – A chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and former Chairman of the oarty in Abia State, Senator Emma Nwaka, has said that following Bola Ahmed Tinubu’s choice of a Muslim running mate, he has ‘upturned his ambition for good’, an action which he termed “insensitivity and hubris personified”. Consequently, the presidential race is now between the presidential flag bearers of the PDP Atiku Abubakar and Labour Party (LP) Peter Obi, Nwaka said while responding to Sunday’s announcement of former Borno State Governor, Senator Kashim Shettima, as running mate by Tinubu. Referring to Nigeria as a ‘broken’ country needing ‘tact, diplomacy and deep sense of balance to heal it’, Nwaka said: “Nigeria completely lost her innocence or what was left of it under Buhari. It’s the saying of my people that special tactics is required to lift a woman with a broken waist. Nigeria is broken; we need tact, diplomacy and a deep sense of balance to heal it. “I dare say that BAT’s pairing with a fellow Moslem for the presidency has upturned his ambition for good. For me, it’s the height of insensitivity and hubris personified. It shows they’re not moving with the times. The Abiola/Kingigbe era cannot be re-enact in Nigeria ever again, not in a country polarised like never by the obnoxious Buhari Administration. For me, it’s now a two horse race: Atiku vs Obi.” By FLORENCE ONUEGBU Bola Tinubu, Peter Obi and Atiku Abubakar LAGOS- Dr. Robert Ebelo, the Executive Secretary, Guardians of Leadership and Democracy (GLD) says the emergence of three presidential candidates provide broader option of choices for Nigerians. GLD is a pro-democracy group with focus on leadership, good governance, sustainable democracy,… In "Politics" .... Ex-VP, PDP fear regional divisions in S’East, North may work for APC candidate .....Former Lagos gov moves to douse Muslim-Muslim ticket tension Abuja - The leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party and its presidential candidate for the 2023 election, Atiku Abubakar, are mulling over the option of engaging the… In "Top Stories" By TAIYE AGBAJE Chief Oba Maduabuchi ABUJA- Chief Oba Maduabuchi, SAN, has endorsed the decision by Sen. Bola Tinubu, Presidential Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to pick a fellow Muslim as his running mate.Maduabuchi, in an interview with newsmen on Monday in Abuja, said Tinubu’s decision was based… In "Politics"