…It brings relief to travellers By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Chairman House of Representatives Committee on Aviation, Honourable Nnolim Nnaji has applauded the management of a leading Nigerian Airline, Airpeace on the commencement of direct flight between Nigeria and China. Honourable Nnaji’s commendation was coming on the heels of the airline’s inaugural flight to Guangzhou, one of the commercial cities of that Asian country on Thursday. He noted that the commencement of direct flight to China by Airpeace would bring a huge relief to Nigerians and citizens of other African countries who travel regularly on business trips to China. The Aviation Committee Chairman stressed that Nigeria and indeed Africa shared huge business and cultural ties, adding that the direct airlink would further strengthen such relationships. He further praised Airpeace for mustering the courage to begin the long haul flight at the time the entire airlines globally were just struggling to overcome the enormous negative impact of COVID-19 on the aviation sector. Honourable Nnaji who represents Njanu East/West Federal Constituency of Enugu State in the House of Representatives however assured that the legislature would continue to work with the executive to ensure a robust aviation industry in the country. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - House of Representatives Committee on Aviation will audit the foreign airlines that are operating into the country to ascertain the number of Nigerians they employed as part of their cabin staff and technical crew (pilots and engineers). The Chairman of the Committee, Honourable… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Chairman, House of Representatives Committee on Aviation Honourable Nnolim Nnaji has disclosed that the Speaker of l the House of Representatives, Right Honourable Femi Gbajabiamila was greatly disturbed by the reoccurring aviation fuel crisis in the country. According to him, " the… In "Top Stories" Who on God’s earth does Isa Bayero think he is? In what century does he think we are living in? Maybe he thinks this is the age of Uthman Dan Fodio, a feudal epoch where a prince can ride roughshod on any mortal. He says he is a pilot and… In "Opinion"