By JOSHUA OLADIPO EDE- The Peoples Democratic Party’s (PDP) governorship candidate in Osun, Sen. Ademola Adeleke, has won his polling unit at the ongoing election in the state.News Agency of Nigeria (NAN ) reports that Adeleke who cast his vote in ward 2 , unit 9 , Abogunde /sagba area, in Ede North Local Government, polled 218 votes to defeat the All Progressive Congress (APC) governorship candidate, Gov. Gboyega Oyetola , who polled 23 votes .NAN further reports that the Accord Party had only one vote at Ward 2, unit 9 at Abogunde /Sagba area, in Ede North.Adeleke had earlier cast his vote at 8:39 a.m, at ward 2 polling unit 9 in Ede North, under tight security and confidence of winning the election.Also, Ede north has a total registered voter of 71,750 for the governorship election, with 151 polling units and 11 registration areas, while Ede South has 54, 880 registered voters, with 89 polling units and 10 registration areas.The governorship candidates for the election are Gov. Adegboyega Oyetola of the APC, Sen. Ademola Adeleke, PDP and Oyegoke Omigbodun, Social Democratic Party (SDP).Other key candidates are Dr Akin Ogunbiyi of Accord (A); Mr Yusuf Lasun, Labour Party (LP ); Munirudeen Atanda, Action Democratic Party ( ADP) and Busuyi Ayowole, Peoples Redemption Party (PRP). (NAN) By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Ademola Adeleke, has cast his vote in the ongoing Osun State governorship election. He cast his ballot on Saturday morning at polling unit 9, Ward 2 in Ede North Local Government Area of… In "Top Stories" By JOSHUA OLADIPOEDE- The Accreditation of voters and election of Osun governor have started in some polling units in Ede North and Ede South with moderate turn out of electorate .The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN ) reports that the exercise began at 8: 23 a.m. , in some wards… In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -. Governor Adegboyega Oyetola is yet to cast his vote as at 10.22 am on Saturday.Oyetola, who is the gubernatorial candidate of the All Progressives Congress in Osun State, is yet to show up for accreditation at LEA primary school, Popo, Igbaji in Boripe Local Government Area… In "Top Stories"