By SALISU SANI-IDRIS ABUJA- Rotary Club Of Abuja, Garki Neighborhood, says it has unveiled its “sustainable projects and activities for 2022-2023”.Rotarian Zainab Owonikoko, first female President of the Rotary club, who made this known on Friday, said the projects were targeted at enhancing local and global impact.Addressing newsmen in Abuja during the inauguration, Owonikoko said the club’s areas centred on promoting peace and fighting diseases.She said the club would also, during the period, provide clean water, engage in saving mothers and children, support education, grow local economies and protect the environment.Owonikoko who would within the period, pilot the affairs of the club, District 9125 Nigeria, said “our club programmes for the year also include among others, family health outreach programmes, vocational/career talks and quiz competition for schools in FCT.” We’re also going to organise Polio and COVID-19 seminars, rallies, road shows as well as sponsor 20 Youths to Rotary Youth Leadership Academy (RYLA)”.According to her, water and sanitation project, including tree planting, environmental sanitation in schools, among others, formed part of the plans.She also said there would be donation of wheel chairs to schools of the blind, donation of exercise books and laboratory equipment to other schools.She disclosed that the club would donate medical equipment to health centres in it’s adopted village, and give one year full scholarships to 30 indigent students.” Since 1905, Rotary International has  contributed to the promotion of peace and understanding globally, through uncountable humanitarian services and projects.” We are united by common values and vision for the future, as we sharpen our focus with targeted specific causes that will reach communities that are mostly in need,” she said.She called on kind hearted public and private organisations to partner with the club in the areas of donating and sponsoring of club programmes and projects during the year 2022/23.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Owonikoko, having emerged as the first female Club President, officially assumed office on Friday, to pilot the affairs of the club. (NAN) By SALISU SANI-IDRIS ABUJA- The Federal Capital Territory (FCT) on Thursday inaugurated a Primary Health Care facility donated by the Rotary Club of Abuja, Karu Housing Estate, to boost the quality of healthcare to residents.The Minister of State, Dr Ramatu Aliyu, while inaugurating the facility at the Healthcare Centre, Jikwoyi,… In "Health" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Rotarian Maxwell Amuchie on Friday July 1, 2022 received the mantle of leadership as the President of the Rotary Club of Abuja CBD for 2022/2023 year at New Chelsea Hotel, Central Business District Abuja. In his welcome speech after his decoration as the… In "Top Stories" •Late Dr. Mike Omotosho NEW YORK - The sun set on Saturday (today) on the phenomenal life of Dr. Mike Omotosho, founder of Sustainable Health Initiative (SHI). He reportedly died in New York of undisclosed illness. He was aged 52, having been born on 14 January 1970. A source close… In "News"