ABUJA – Mr. Peter Obi, Labour Party presidential candidate for the 2023 elections, has broken his silence on the viral photo and video of a young man wearing a face mask, decked in Biafra attire and stepping on a Nigerian flag, whom detractors claim is his son and a member of the separatist Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). Obi, who was a guest of ARISE TV earlier today, Wednesday, 6vJuly 2022, dismissed the claims. “This is not my son,” he said empathically. “The video was recorded in Germany but my son is based in the UK,” he said. “My son is a professional and he is very busy with his work; he has no time for that,” Obi added. He revealed that his son, Oseloka Obi, is so busy that he could not see him during a recent week-long visit abroad. He also noted that the person in the photo and video “is shorter” than Oseloka. The LP presidential candidate equally dismissed claims in some quarters that he is anti-North and an IPOB sponsor. “I have never sponsored any agitation,” he said, noting that his position has always been to negotiate with agitators and deal decisively with common criminals. He disclosed that he is currently involved in supporting businesses in the North and that all the police commissioners he requested for and worked with as Governor of Anambra State, including his ADC, were northerners. Obi denied discriminating against northerners in Anambra State in any way, challenging his detractors to provide proof to support their claims. He cleared his supporters of attacks on opponents, saying that the attacks were by infiltrators sponsored by his political opponents. Obi noted that the country is in deep trouble, advising Nigerians to vote for the person who can help save the country from impending doom irrespective of what part of the country he comes from. •Peter Obi on his way to Egypt ABUJA - The Labour Party (LP) presidential flag bearer in the 2023 election, Mr Peter Obi has left Nigeria for a 3-day visit to Egypt to study among others, the Egyptian Power Sector, Education, Planning and Finance Sectors. Obi who left Nigeria on… In "Top Stories" By EHIGIMETOR IGBAUGBA Mr Peter Obi CALABAR- Chief Baron Eyo, Chairman, Labour Party (LP) in Cross River says Peter Obi, its presidential candidate remains the only candidate to bring about the “impossible’’ change Nigerians yearn. Speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Calabar on Tuesday, he dismissed the… In "Politics" Dr Rabiu Kwankwaso (left) and Mr. Peter Obi ABUJA -  Peter Obi, presidential candidate of Labour Party, will on Friday July 8, announce his running mate for the 2023 presidential election. Dr Doyin Okupe, interim vice presidential candidate and director-general of Peter Obi’s campaign organisation, made this known in an… In "Politics"