By CHUKWUEMEKA OPARA ABAKALIKI- Chief Austin Umahi has declined his appointment as the secretary of the Revenue Mobilisation Allocation and Fiscal Commission (RMAFC).The Umahi, who is the younger brother of Gov. Dave Umahi of Ebonyi, in a statement on Thursday in Abakaliki, however appreciated those who congratulated him on the appointment.“I am honestly humbled by this show of love but regret to inform you that I declined the appointment.“This is because it is best for job seekers, retired civil servants or anyone who loves the job.“I am also convinced that at my age and work experience, it is not in doubt that I know what I want in life.“Anyone interested in the position should not hesitate to approach our indefatigable governor to do the needful. This is because to my knowledge, the position is still vacant,” Umahi said.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that Umahi won the All Progressives Congress (APC)  primary for Ebonyi South Senatorial District held on May 28, 2022.He was reported to have relinquished his senatorial candidacy to the governor who failed to clinch the party’s presidential ticket.The party has however fixed a re-run of the primary for July 31 in compliance with a Federal High Court ruling that the governor could not hold the ticket. (NAN) By CHUKWUEMEKA OPARA Governor Dave Umahi ABAKALIKI- Gov. David Umahi on Monday said that Ebonyi people would massively vote for the All Progressives Congress (APC) and not Labour or any other party.Umahi, apparently reacting to the growing popularity of the Labour Party and its Presidential Candidate, Mr Peter Obi in… In "Politics" By CHUKWUEMEKA OPARA Governor Dave Umahi ABAKALIKE- The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ebonyi has described Gov. David Umahi’s performance at the party’s recent presidential primary in Abuja as “gallantry”. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that Umahi placed sixth with 38 votes at the pimary which was won… In "Politics" By FUNMILAYO ADEYEMI Governor David Umahi ABUJA- Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi says over N80 billion has so far been expended on the establishment of King David University of Medical Sciences, located in Uburu, Ohaozara Local Government Area of the state and named after the governor.Umahi, who was speaking during a… In "Education"