By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbosola has paid an unscheduled visit to Kirikiri Maximum and Medium Security Custodial Centres in Kirikiri, Apapa, Lagos State. Aregbosola who stated this via his twitter handle said during the visit, he acknowledged our servicemen and security agencies, who have sacrificed a lot to keep us safe. He charged the security agents to remain eternally vigilant and continuously evolve strategies. The statement reads in full: Today, I paid a surprise visit to the Kirikiri Maximum and Medium Security Custodial Centres in Kirikiri, Apapa, Lagos State. During the visit, I acknowledged our servicemen and security agencies, who have sacrificed a lot to keep us safe. I equally charge them to remain eternally vigilant and continuously evolve strategies. And to define these strategies, they have to make decisions based not on fear, but on hard-earned wisdom. I also informed our officers and men at the centres that they must fight to defend our institutions, territory and constitution. It also applies to all others wherever they are posted in Nigeria. Ragtag groups of opportunist who attack soft targets must not be allowed to attack our institutions and get away with it. They must not live to tell the story. By ISHAQ ZAKI CP. Mr Ayuba Elkanah GUSAU- The Zamfara Commissioner of Police, Mr Ayuba Elkanah has visited the State Comptroller Corrections Services following the recent criminal attack on Kuje Custodial facility  the FCT.This is contained in a statement issued in Gusau by the Police Public Relations Officer in the… In "Security" …says relevant authorities must be sanctioned …faults lack of CCTV at correctional centre     By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has said that Tuesday’s attack on the Kuje Medium Security Custodial Centre by terrorists speaks volumes about the failure of the country’s security architecture.… In "Top Stories" By Adepote Arowojobe Lagos   -    A total of 322 inmates in Ikoyi and Kirikiri prisons in Lagos State registered for the West African Senior Secondary Examination (WASSCE) in the past three years, an official has said. The Controller of Prisons, Lagos State Command, Mr Tunde Ladipo, gave the… In "News"