By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, will on Friday, July 22, 2022, (tomorrow) arraign a former Accountant General of the Federation, Ahmed Idris before Justice A.O. Adeyemi Ajayi of the Federal Capital Territory High Court, Abuja. He is to be docked alongside three others: Godfrey Olusegun Akindele, Mohammed Kudu Usman and Gezawa Commodity Market and Exchange Limited on a 14 count charge of stealing and criminal breach of trust to the tune of N109, 485,572,691.9. The Commission disclosed this late Thursday night via it’s Facebook page. According to the statement, count one of the charge reads, “That you, Ahmed Idris between February and December, 2021 at Abuja in the Abuja Judicial Division of the High Court of the Federal Capital Territory, being a public servant by virtue of your position as the Accountant General of the Federation accepted from Olusegun Akindele, a gratification in the aggregate sum of N15,136,221,921.46 ( Fifteen Billion, One Hundred and Thirty Six Million, Two Hundred and Twenty One Thousand, Nine Hundred and Twenty One Naira and Forty Six Kobo) which sum was converted to the United States Dollars by the said Olusegun Akindele and which sum did not form part of your lawful remuneration but as a motive for accelerating the payment of 13% derivation to the nine (9) oil producing States in the Federation, through the office of the Accountant General of the Federation, and you thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 155 of the Penal Code Act Cap 532 Laws of the Federation of Nigeria 1990 and punishable under the same section”. Count eight reads, “That you, Ahmed Idris while being the Accountant General of the Federation and Godfrey Olusegun Akindele while being the Technical Assistant to the Accountant General of the Federation between February and November, 2021, at Abuja in the Abuja Judicial Division of the High Court of the Federal Capital Territory, in such capacity, entrusted with certain property, to wit: N84,390,000,000(Eighty-Four Billion, Three Hundred and Ninety Million Naira) committed criminal breach of trust in respect of the said property, when you dishonestly received the said sum from the Federal Government of Nigeria through Godfrey Olusegun Akindele trading under the name and style of Olusegun Akindele & Co., and you thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 315 of the Penal Code Act Cap 532 Laws of the Federation of Nigeria 1990. By MONDAY IJEH ABUJA- The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) says it arrested former Gov. Abdulaziz Yari of Zamfara over alleged involvement in the N84 billion fraud allegation against the former Accountant General of the Federation (AGF), Mr Ahmed Idris.An authoritative source in the EFCC disclosed this to the News Agency… In "Metro" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has discovered an additional sum of N90 billion allegedly looted from the Federation Account by the suspended Accountant-General of the Federation, Ahmed Idris. Recall that the commission had earlier arrested the former Accountant-General after linking a looted sim of… In "Top Stories" By MONDAY IJEH Mr Idris Ahmed ABUJA- The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has confirmed the release of the former Accountant General of the Federation (AGF), Mr Ahmed Idris from its custody. Mr Wilson Uwujaren, the Head of Media and Public Affairs of the commission, told the News Agency of… In "News"