By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – A Billionaire businessman in the Pipe manufacturing industry has called for the arrest of Security personnel that manhandled a popular Onitsha-based pastor, Chukwuemeka Odumeje, who is c known as ‘Indaboski Bahose and Liquid Metal’. The businessman, Amb. Nelson Mkparu, who was planning to host Odumeje in Jos for a crusade before the incident, condemned Governor Charles Soludo’s action for demolishing part of the Church building. Mkparu who spoke to our correspondent on phone, Friday, said the Odumeje’s Church building has been there for over a decade and all Soludo’s predecessors have left the building untouched. “Why is Soludo after Odumeje, is it because he is vocal? Can any Muslim governor demolish a Mosque? He said Indaboski’s Church feeds indigent people ranging from orphans and widows. “Many people depend on this Church for their daily bread”, he said. Mkparu, saddened particularly by the action of security personnel deployed to supervise the demolition said they must be fished out for questioning. Recall that on Thursday Indaboski’s Church was demolished with the pastor manhandled by security agents in Onitsha. Odumeje’s Church was in March this year identified by the Anambra State government as one of the buildings sitting on drainage channels and was marked for demolition. Soludo had visited Okpoko, a sprawling slum in Onitsha, a day after his swearing in, and had pledged to sanitise the area by ensuring the drainage channels are free. By MONDAY AJOGUN ONITSHA- The Anambra State Government says it commenced the demolition of illegally constructed buildings earlier marked for demolition in Onitsha on Thursday.Mr Christian Aburime, Press Secretary to Gov. Chukwuma Soludo of Anambra disclosed this in a statement made available to journalists in Awka.The press secretary said that… In "News" •Prophet Odumeje being manhandled by operatives of the Anambra State Task Force ONITSHA (Sundiata Post) - Church building belonging to the Mountain of Holy Ghost Intervention and Deliverance Ministry, presided over by Prophet Chukwuemeka Ohanaemere alias ‘Odumeje’ in Onitsha, has been demolished by the Anambra State Task Force. The church… In "News" By CHIMEZIE ANASO AWKA- Gov. Chukwuma Soludo of Anambra has called on the international community to assist his administration in its bid to build a prosperous and sustainable state. Soludo made the call when he received a delegation of United Nations Resident and Humanitarian Coordinator in Nigeria at the Governor’s Lodge… In "News"