By ISMAILA CHAFE ABUJA- The Presidency says no classified report against the All Progressives Congress (APC) Muslim-Muslim ticket in the forthcoming 2023 presidential election by the Department of State Service (DSS) has been submitted to President Muhammadu Buhari.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that an online newspaper, Peoples Gazette, on Friday quoted the DSS report frowning at APC presidential candidate’s (Bola Tinubu)  decision to nominate a fellow Muslim as vice-presidential candidate for the 2023 presidential election.The online newspaper also quoted the report as describing Tinubu’s decision as a recipe for renewed sectarian crises that could destabilise Nigeria.It further reported that a classified report was sent to President Buhari by the DSS, highlighting the security implications of the choice of former Gov. Kashim Shettima as vice-presidential running mate to Tinubu.”The document, which got to the president by way of the National Security Adviser (NSA), Gen. Babagana Monguno (rtd), said Tinubu should consider security implications of his selection before making it public,” the newspaper reported.However, Malam Garba Shehu, the President’s media aide, in a statement on Friday in Abuja, described the online report as fake and meant to sow division and chaos on the choice of Shettima.Shehu, therefore, advised Nigerians to always ignore what he described as toxic reports, calling the online newspaper as a ”deadly virus”.The statement read in part: ”We wish to advise well-meaning Nigerians to ignore a laughably puerile report by an apparently pirate online newspaper seeking to sow division and chaos on the choice of former Governor Kashim Shettima as the running mate of our Party’s Presidential Candidate, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu.”This so-called newspaper is like a deadly virus. Stay safe by keeping away from its toxic reports.” (NAN) By ISMAILA CHAFE President Muhammadu Buhari and Senator Bola Ahmed Tinubu ABUJA- The All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Candidate for the 2023 General Elections, Sen. Bola Tinubu, has officially announced former Gov.  Kashim Shettima of Borno as his running mate.Tinubu made the announcement on Sunday while briefing journalists after a… In "Politics" By TAIYE AGBAJE Chief Oba Maduabuchi ABUJA- Chief Oba Maduabuchi, SAN, has endorsed the decision by Sen. Bola Tinubu, Presidential Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to pick a fellow Muslim as his running mate.Maduabuchi, in an interview with newsmen on Monday in Abuja, said Tinubu’s decision was based… In "Politics" ABUJA - The decision of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, presidential candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in the 2023 election to run a Muslim-Muslim ticket appears to be causing ripples in the party as Daniel H. Bwala, the party’s national legal adviser, has resigned from APC in protest.… In "Top Stories"