Abuja (Sundiata Post) – A viral report that Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike left Turkey for France to meet the APC Presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, has been deleted by the original source. The report was credited to the Special Adviser to the Governor of Lagos State on the Environment and Water Resources, Joe Igbokwe, who made the claim in a Facebook post on Thursday. He said on Facebook: “While they are on Social Media abusing everybody Gov Wike goes to France to meet Asiwaju. Abuse, calling names, hate and bigotry are no strategy. “They hated and abused PMB since 2015 and now they have transferred the aggression to Asiwaju. We wait and see.”Moments after the post went viral, Igbokwe deleted it, as he was challenged by some social media users to present pictorial evidence that the meeting took place. There has been no official confirmation of the meeting from both the Tinubu and Wike’s camps. Sundiata Post recalls that Wike and Governor Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia are currently holidaying in Turkey, while Tinubu left Nigeria on 27 June to France. The rumoured meeting between Wike and Tinubu titillated political buffs amid speculations that Wike has not been happy with the PDP since he lost the presidential ticket to Atiku Abubakar. He was also overlooked for the vice-presidential ticket, which went to Governor Ifeanyi Okowa. Wike’s associate and friend, Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue added to the political soap opera when he said on Arise TV he was still praying and fasting to know if God wanted him to support Atiku or not. Former Governor of Ekiti State, Ayodele Fayose has made it clear that it is southern presidency or nothing, meaning he would not be supporting Atiku for the presidency. (Punch) ....As aide debunks meeting with Wike Abuja (Sundiata Post) -.The presidential candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress for the 2023 election, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, may in the next few days name either Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State or his predecessor, Senator Kashim Shettima, as his running mate, investigations… In "Top Stories" A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Joe Igbokwe, has asked Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo, to “show respect and withdraw from the 2023 presidential race”. POLITICS NIGERIA reports that after many speculation, Osinbajo finally declared to run for president, ending months of tepid denials. The VP will be squaring up… In "News" By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE Senator Bola Tinubu ABUJA- Sen. Bola Tinubu, 2023 presidential candidate and one of the national leaders of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has travelled out of the country to France.According to a statement by Mr Tunde Rahman in the Media Office on Monday in Abuja, Tinubu travelled… In "News"