By ISMAILA CHAFE ABUJA- President Muhammadu Buhari has met behind closed doors with the All Progressives Congress Vice Presidential candidate, former Gov. Kashim Shettima, at the State House, Abuja, on Wednesday.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the APC vice presidential candidate was accompanied to the State House by Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno.NAN reports that the APC Presidential Candidate for the 2023 General Elections, Sen. Bola Tinubu, had on July 10 officially announced Shettima as his running mate.Tinubu made the announcement while briefing journalists after a closed-door meeting with President Buhari at Daura, Katsina State, Buhari’s home state.The APC presidential candidate was in Daura to pay Sallah homage to Buhari as well as intimate him of his decision to pick Shettima as his running mate.NAN reports Tinubu had on Wednesday officially unveiled Shettima as his Vice-Presidential running mate to the public.Shettima, a former two-term governor of Borno, is currently a Senator representing Borno Central in the National Assembly.At the unveiling of Shettima, Tinubu said: “I remain steadfast in my belief in the selection of Sen. Shettima.“I am unwavering in my belief that he is the very best person to run for office and to, hopefully, govern by my side.’’Tinubu thanked President Buhari and members of APC National Working Committee (NWC), saying he considered it an honour and privilege to be the party`s 2023 presidential candidate. (NAN) By ISMAILA CHAFE President Muhammadu Buhari and Senator Bola Ahmed Tinubu ABUJA- The All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Candidate for the 2023 General Elections, Sen. Bola Tinubu, has officially announced former Gov.  Kashim Shettima of Borno as his running mate.Tinubu made the announcement on Sunday while briefing journalists after a… In "Politics" By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE Senator Bola Tinubu, Senator Kashim Shettima ABUJA- The All Progressives Congress (APC) Professionals’ Forum has promised to galvanise professionals within and outside the country to support the Tinubu/Shettima presidential ticket for a resounding election victory in 2023.Dr Nkem Okeke, the forum’s Board of Trustees (BoT) Acting Chairman… In "Politics" By YAKUBU UBA Governor Babagana Zulum MAIDUGURI- Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno says Bola Tinubu, the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, made the “wisest choice” by choosing Sen. Kashim Shettima as his running mate.Tinubu, the Presidential Candidate of the party for the 2023 election, on Sunday announced Shettima as his… In "Politics"