Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Governor of Imo State, Hope Uzodimma has taken a swipe at Peter Obi. The governor asked the All Progressives Congress (APC) members to ignore opposition parties who are “only strong on social media”. Uzodimma stated this during a meeting with party members and stakeholders in Imo on Friday. The governor’s comment is believed to be a swipe at the Labour Party (LP) and its presidential candidate, Peter Obi. LP and Obi have been criticised for being more prominent on social media and not having a structure ahead of the 2023 elections. “This opposition that is only strong on social media with no political structure on the ground, you are listening to them,” Uzodimma said. “Our people should not be deceived. Don’t let anybody deceive you. “If you follow a party that is reminding you of the agony of the past but is not interested in telling you how you will better your tomorrow, you don’t have to blame anybody. “But as a people, as a party, I am here as the governor of the state through a political party called APC. That is our political party.” Abuja (Sundiata Post) -. Members of the two majority parties in Nigeria, the Peoples Democratic Party and All Progressives Congress in Imo North Senatorial District of Imo State on Sunday collapsed their structures into the Labour Party and pledged their loyalty and support to its presidential candidate, Peter Obi. No… In "Top Stories" Peter Obi OKIGWE - Members of the two major parties in Nigeria, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and All Progressives Congress (APC) in Imo North Senatorial District of Imo State on Sunday collapsed their structures into the Labour Party and pledged their loyalty and support to its presidential candidate, Peter… In "Politics" By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - An Igbo Chieftain in Jos, Dr. Faith Onyema has taken a swipe at politicians who taunt the Labour Party 2023 Presidential candidate, Mr. Peter Obi for not having political structure across Nigeria. Onyema who is the Igbo leader in Jos South, Plateau State… In "Top Stories"