By ADEYEMI ADELEYE LAGOS- Sir Jude Idimogu, Deputy Apex Leader, Ndigbo in Lagos State APC on Tuesday said the death of former APC women leader, Mrs Kemi Nelson, came when she was most needed. Idimogu, a two-term  member of the Lagos State House of Assembly representing Oshodi-Isolo Constituency II,  told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)  that late Nelson passed on when her wealth of experience was needed for the actualisation of the presidential ambition of Sen. Bola Tinubu. Consoling   the APC  and family of former Nelson who died on Sunday, Idimogu said that the late politician would be missed as a mother of APC members. “The Ndigbo in APC in the state are mourning. Her death came to us as a surprise. The truth is that Chief Nelson was an elegant woman. She was a shinning star among us. APC has lost somebody. “I think for us, she is irreplaceable because she had a very good wealth of experience politically and she galvanised the women folks in our party. “It is sad and unfortunate to hear that we have lost this mobiliser at a time that we needed her to give massive support to our dear APC’s presidential flag bearer, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu. “We need her more now that Asiwaju is contesting for president in 2023,” Idimogu said. The lawmaker described the late Nelson as a mother with a detribalised mind. He said that Nelson, a former executive director, Nigerian Insurance Trust Fund, had tried her best for the party and had helped a lot of people. He added: “Lagos will miss her; APC, as a party will miss her; and Ndigbo in APC will miss her. “On behalf of my Igbo brothers and sisters in Lagos state, Ndigbo in APC, we want to also send our condolences to the family and  the APC leaders in Lagos state.” He prayed that God would repose her soul. Until her death, Nelson  was a member of the Governor Advisory Council, the highest decision making body of the APC in Lagos state. Before her death, Nelson was the Yeye Oge of Lagos state and one of the right-hand loyalists of the APC presidential candidate, Tinubu. NAN reports that sympathisers had  continued to throng the Lagos home of the former APC women leader after news of her death broke. Among the early callers on Monday was  Tinubu,, in company of his wife, Sen. Oluremi Tinubu, the Lagos APC Chairman, Pastor Cornelius Ojelabi, and Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu’s Chief of Staff, Mr Tayo Ayinde and other dignataries. (NAN) By ADEYEMI ADELEYELAGOS- The Deputy Apex leader of Ndigbo in Lagos State APC, Mr  Jude Idimogu, says party leaders and members must now close ranks for Sen. Bola Tinubu to win the 2023 presidential election.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that Tinubu, a former governor of Lagos State on… In "Politics" By OLUWATOPE LAWANSON Senator Tokunbo Abiru LAGOS- Sen. Tokunbo Abiru (APC – Lagos East )  says the All Progressives Congress (APC) made the best decision in choosing Sen. Bola Tinubu as its  2023 Presidential Candidate.Abiru  who congratulated Tinubu, a former Lagos State governor  on his emergence,  also said that APC… In "Politics" By OLUWATOPE LAWANSON /FLORENCE ONUEGBU LAGOS- A Thousands of APC supporters and leaders  on Sunday,   stormed the Presidential Wing of the Muritala Mohammed International Airport, Ikeja, Lagos, to welcome Sen. Bola Tinubu, the party’s presidential candidate.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Tinubu, a former governor of Lagos State,… In "News"