OSOGBO – The PDP won the Osun Government House polling unit with 117 votes. The APC received 106 votes. Governor Adegboyega Oyetola of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has lost the Government House polling unit in Osogbo to Ademola Adeleke of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). The PDP won the Osun Government House polling unit with 117 votes. The APC received 106 votes. The Osun Government House polling unit is located at the Agowande/ Oshogbo in the Olorunda Local government area of the state. The result was prepared by Assistant Polling Officer (APO1), Nwachukwu Henrietta Chidinma. Other parties at the Osun Government House polling unit received the following scores – Accord Party 2, APM 1, PRP 1 and SDP 1. But Oyetola won his polling unit decisively. Oyetola, who voted at his polling unit in ward 1, LA school, Popo, Iragbiji in Boripe Local Government Area, received 545 votes, while the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate, got  69 votes.The polling unit has 1457 registered voters. Also, Oyetola’s opponent in the race, Adeleke who voted at Unit 009, Ward 02, Abogunde area of Ede North Local Government Area, polled 218 votes. Adeleke, who was a former senator also won with a wide margin. His opponent, Oyetola, came distant second with 23 votes. There are 15 candidates on the ballot, but only two have been showing strongly on the ballot. They are the All Progressives Congress (APC) Gboyega Oyetola who is seeking re-election and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Ademola Adeleke. Osun has a total of 30 local governments, 332 registration areas, and 3,763 polling units. By OLAJIDE IDOWU Governor Adegboyega Oyetola IRAGBIJI- Gov. Gboyega Oyetola of Osun on Saturday, won the election at his polling unit at Unit 2, Ward 1, LA Primary School Popo, Iragbiji, Boripe Local Government Area of Osun, polling 545 votes out of a total 622 valid votes cast.INEC ad hoc… In "Politics" By JOSHUA OLADIPO Senator Ademola Adeleke EDE- The Peoples Democratic Party’s (PDP) governorship candidate in Osun, Sen. Ademola Adeleke, has won his polling unit at the ongoing election in the state.News Agency of Nigeria (NAN ) reports that Adeleke who cast his vote in ward 2 , unit 9 ,… In "Politics" Oyetola (left) and Adeleke The results of the Osun election have started trickling in, with results indicating that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate, Ademola Adeleke, is leading so far. The candidates in the election are 15, but only two – the All Progressives Congress (APC) Gboyega Oyetola and the… In "Top Stories"