LAGOS – The Nigerian   Communications Commission’s support for sports development, with particular reference to the popular NCC sponsored tennis championship for youth, dominated discussions at the launch of a book on sports in Nigeria in Lagos at the weekend. At the launch of the book titled ‘Sport in Nigeria: Going Round in Circles”, written by sports administrator, Godwin Kienka, at the Lagos Lawn Tennis Club, Race Course, Onikan, Lagos, where the Executive Vice Chairman of NCC, Prof. Umar Danbatta, was the guest of honour, the Commission was acknowledged as a patriotic corporate institution that has supported sports in Nigeria at the grass roots. The cross section of the sports administrators and admirers of tennis urged the Commission not to relent in supporting sports in Nigerian for the benefit of empowering the youths of Nigeria, like it has done in the sponsorship of tennis across the six geopolitical zones. The author of the book, Godwin Kienka, acknowledged that the sponsorship offered by the Commission since 2015, has set the tone for the development of Nigerian youths for future career in lawn tennis. “I want to appreciate the NCC for having set a sterling example in recent years for other private and public sector stakeholders and institutions to emulate. We appreciate the Executive Vice Chairman of NCC, Prof. Umar Danbatta for sustaining the sponsorship when he assumed office in 2015 and for his outstanding contribution to youth and sport development in Nigeria in general,” Kienka said. Between 2015 and 2016, the NCC engaged in sponsorship of lawn tennis tournaments that rekindled interest in and re-defined tennis competition in Nigeria because of the renewal it brought to tennis development in Nigeria. Part of NCC’s objective for embarking on the tourney was to help in nurturing and exploring the talents in the Nigerian youth through robust competition so as to help them perfect their skills. It was also to promote peace and friendship among the players and by extension enthrone a pan-Nigeria solidarity of sports enthusiasts. The tournament, which featured the hosting of several marches in different parts of the country, including Lagos, Port Harcourt, Asaba, Onitsha, Abeokuta, Kaduna, Abuja, and Enugu, also had the objective of fruitfully engaging the players, officials and the youth population in some value-driven activities associated with the sports competition in general. ABUJA - Prof. Umar Danbatta, acting Executive Vice Chairman, Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), has called on corporate organisations to collaborate with the commission to sponsor the game of tennis in the country. Danbatta made the call on Sunday in Abuja at the end of the second semi-final match of the… In "Sports" By Florence Onuegbu Lagos  -   In anticipation of increased service demands, the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) has called on telecommunications operators to strengthen Quality of Service (QoS) on their various networks in the festive season. The Executive Vice Chairman, Prof. Umar Danbatta made the call at the grand finale… In "News" °Prof. Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami ABUJA - The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Prof. Isa Ali Ibrahim (Pantami), and the Executive Vice Chairman (EVC) of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), Prof. Umar Danbatta, have promised to continue to drive policy initiatives that promote investment in infrastructure in the Nigerian… In "Technology"