…says we have lost a great amazon By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has described the death of veteran actress, Ada Ameh as a monumental loss to the country, the state especially the entertainment industry. He stated this in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja. According to Ortom, “In Ada Ameh, Benue State has lost an Amazon of inestimable value. Through her personal commitment and industry, she promoted the rich culture and tradition of the state at the global stage”, Ortom lamented. He stated that Ada’s exit has created a huge vacuum in Benue State especially in the entertainment industry adding “millions of citizens especially the movie industry enthusiasts will miss Ada because of her unique style.” A grieving Ortom added: “Her death at this time is heart rending. A lot of youngsters looked up to her as a role model and she actually mentored many.” The Governor described the Idoma-born actress as a worthy ambassador of the state who through dint of hard work and dexterity, promoted and indeed exported the culture and tradition of Benue State and Nigeria to the outside world. Ortom stated: “There were no dull moments around her during her lifetime. She radiated warmth and brought pleasantries to many homes across the globe. We shall sorely miss her”. He prayed that the good Lord grant her eternal rest and give the immediate family the fortitude to bear the irreplaceable loss.  Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Famous Nollywood actress Ada Ameh (Emu of The Johnsons fame) has collapsed and died, according to reports just coming in from her Idoma people in Benue State. One of the reports, by Idoma Voice portal, has it that the beloved “Idoma-born actress died in Warri, Delta… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue state has sent a message of condolence to the former Minister of State, Federal Capital Territory, FCT, Senator Solomon Ewuga over the death of his pilot daughter, Miss Adzuayi Ewuga. Adzuayi was the Pilot of the ill fated… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has called for the immediate release of the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, for the peace process in the country to be taken seriously. Governor Ortom made the call when a group… In "Top Stories"