By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Senator Ademola Adeleke, the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), in the early hours of today, emerged the winner of Osun State governorship election. Adeleke beat his closest rival, Governor Gboyega Oyetola, the candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), to emerge winner. The election was held across the 30 local government areas of the state amid tight security with political parties adopting new methods of vote-buying.It also witnessed huge turnout of voters as the electorate trooped out enmass to cast their votes.Interestingly, as of press time, there was no record of violence. Whereas the Osun State chapter of the PDP claimed victory in the election, last night, affirming that collated results from polling units confirmed its emerging victory, the ruling APC said the claim was capable of setting the state on fire.15 candidates. The candidates, who took part in yesterday’s exercise, besides Oyetola and Adeleke, include a former Adeleke of the Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, Yusuf Lasun, of the Labour Party; Dr Oyegoke Omigbodun of the Social Democratic Party, SDP, and Dr Akin Ogunbiyi of the Accord Party.Others are Munirudeen Atanda of the Action Democratic Party, ADP; Lukman Awoyemi of Allied Peoples’ Movement , APM, and Busuyi Ayowole of Peoples Redemption Party, PRP. Oyetola, Adeleke, Akande, Omisore, others win polling unitsMajor political actors secured victory at their respective polling units.As the result of the election trickled in, Oyetola won his polling unit.Oyetola scored 545 votes against PDP’s 69.His main rival, Adeleke, polled 218 at his polling unit in Ede-North against APC’s 23. Similarly, a former Interim National Chairman of the APC, Chief Bisi Akande, won his Unit 012, Ward 4 in Isedo 1 in Ila-Orangun.APC scored 140 while the PDP polled 117 there. The National Secretary of the APC, Senator Iyiola Omisore, won his Polling Unit 003, Ward 1 in Ife East Local Government Area of the state.The APC scored 192 while the PDP scored 168 there. Osun State Governor-elect Ademola Adeleke OSOGBO - The candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, Ademola Adeleke, has obtained the highest number of votes from 17 of the 30 local governments in Osun State. As a result, the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, has declared Adeleke winner of the Osun Gubernatorial… In "Top Stories" By JOSHUA OLADIPO Senator Ademola Adeleke EDE- The Peoples Democratic Party’s (PDP) governorship candidate in Osun, Sen. Ademola Adeleke, has won his polling unit at the ongoing election in the state.News Agency of Nigeria (NAN ) reports that Adeleke who cast his vote in ward 2 , unit 9 ,… In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Results from the portal of the Independent National Electoral Commission have shown that the governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, Senator Ademola Adeleke, is leading in the ongoing Osun governorship election. The results showed that PDP is leading with over 10,000 votes. The portal also… In "Top Stories"