Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The suspended deputy commissioner of police, Abba Kyari, has been moved out of Kuje Prison after the terror attach on the facility. Several Inmates have escaped from Kuje Prisons following a Terror attack on the Facility on Wednesday night. The terrorists launched the attack around 10:30 pm and its currently unclear if there were any casualties. However, it was gathered that other inmates have been removed from the facility including the suspended deputy commissioner of police, Abba Kyari, who was remanded at the prison by a Federal High Court. Kyari is standing trial for allegedly dealing in cocaine alongside four members of his former police unit, the Inspector-General of Police Intelligence Response Unit (IRT), and two other persons arrested at the Akanu Ibiam International Airport in Enugu, Enugu State, in January this year. Kuje Prisons, established in 1989, has Maximum and Minimum Holding cells with over 700 inmates.The Nigerian Correctional Services, NCS is yet to issue a statement on the attack. (Politics Nigeria) File photo of Abba Kyari, suspected drug trafficker in court ABUJA - Prison officials are considering moving suspended police officer Abba Kyari to the custody of the Department of Security Service (DSS) from the Kuje prison, Abuja, after he nearly got murdered by aggrieved inmates, who accused him of insincerity… In "Top Stories" By TAIYE AGBAJE •Abba Kyari ABUJA- Abba Kyari, the suspended DCP, on Thursday, approached a Federal High Court for another bail plea.Kyari and three of his co-defendants, through their counsel, urged Justice Emeka Nwite to admit then to a bail because their lives in the Kuje Correctional Centre where there… In "News" Suleja Prison ABUJA -Kuje Medium Prison, Abuja on Tuesday night came under heavy bombardment by unknown terrorists, throwing the entire area Council into confusion. The first explosion, a high capacity bomb, went off around 10.25pm. It was followed by second and third blast and sporadic gunshots that left the residents… In "Top Stories"