By DEJI ABDULWAHAB ABUJA- The All Progressives Congress  (APC) Support Groups have called on the party leadership to reconsider the choice of a vice presidential candidate by giving Nigerian youths the opportunity to actively participate in choosing the person.APC Presidential Candidate, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, has named a former Governor of Borno, Sen. Kashim Shettima, as his running mate.In a communiqué issued in Abuja, the groups said that they had unanimously rejected “in totality` the choice of Shettima as Tinubu’s running mate.“We call on the leadership of the APC Progressive Governors Forum and Bola Tinubu to reconsider the choice of a running mate and give support to the Nigerian youths to nominate a young vice presidential candidate.“We request the APC leadership to pick Dr Ibrahim Bello Dauda to whom we all rally round and give all our fullest support nationwide ahead of the 2023 presidential election.  He is the Nigerian youth symbol, ” the communiqué said.The groups stated that they were standing firm on the inclusion of Nigerian youths in governance and urged the APC leadership to give a space to them to exercise their civil rights.“We emphasise the fact that this coalition of APC Support Groups has found Dr Ibrahim Bello Dauda, a true detribalised Nigerian youth leader, worthy to be the vice president to Tinubu in the next political dispensation,“ the communiqué said.The youths said Dauda’s gestures had endeared him to all Nigerians, Christians and Muslims alike.The groups said that Dauda had touched lives beyond religious barriers through all his philanthropic and humanitarian platforms, throughout the length and breadth of the country.The groups communiqué was jointly signed  by Mr Igwe Ude-Umanta, Convener, Coalition of APC Youth Groups, Mr Solomon Adodo, President, National Youth Council of Nigeria and Malam Suleiman Musa, Convener, Coalition of Northern Youth Leaders.Others are High Chief Jator Abido, President, Niger Delta Youth Council,  Hon. Mohammed Garba YahayaDirector-General, EL-DABI Support Group, Hajia Zainab Sule, President, APC Women and Youth Grassroots Forum and Prince Miaphen, President, Middle Belt Youth Vanguard.It was also appended by Hon. Stephen Eriba, Executive Director, Congress of Young Progressives, Comrade Olamide Odumosu, President, APC Youth and Students Movement and Mr Godwin Chukwudi Oluoha, Executive Director, Guardians of Democracy and Development.Mr Sirajo Abdu Zalanga,  Coordinator and Spokesperson, Northeast Youth Forum, Mr Muhammed Yerima, Secretary General, Arewa Musojunanmu (Northern Connect), Comrade Danesi Momoh Prince, Convener, APC Youth Solidarity Network and Jagunmolu Oluwatosin Tomori, President General, Yoruba General Assembly also signed the communiqué. (NAN) By YAKUBU UBA Governor Babagana Zulum MAIDUGURI- Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno says Bola Tinubu, the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, made the “wisest choice” by choosing Sen. Kashim Shettima as his running mate.Tinubu, the Presidential Candidate of the party for the 2023 election, on Sunday announced Shettima as his… In "Politics" By GEORGE ODOK CALABAR- The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Cross River has endorsed the choice of Sen. Kashim Shettima as the running mate to the party’s presidential candidate, Sen. Bola Tinubu, in the 2023 election.In a congratulatory message issued on Tuesday in Calabar by the State Publicity Secretary, Mr… In "News" •Borno Governor Prof. Babagana Zulum MAIDUGIRI - Borno State Governor, Prof. Babagana Zulum, has described the choice of his predecessor, Kashim Shettima, on Sunday, as the Vice Presidential Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) as the wisest decision by the presidential flag bearer of the party, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu.… In "Politics"