By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former Senator representing Kaduna Central Senatorial district at the 8th Senate, Comrade Senator Shehu Sani has commended Governor Bello Mohammed Matawalle of Zamfara state for suspending the Emir for turbanning a notorious repentant bandits’ leader, Adamu Aliero, as Sarkin Fulani (leader of Fulani). Shehu Sani said that crowning a murderer is dancing on the corpses of the victims. The Comrade Senator who gave the commendation via his twitter handle said:”The Zamfara state Government suspension of the Emir who turbaned a Bandit with a traditional tittle is commendable. Crowning a murderer is dancing on the corpses of the victims. Sundiata Post recalls that the Zamfara State Government suspended the Emir of Sabon Birnin Yandoto of Tsafe local government area of the state, Aliyu Garba Marafa, on Saturday for turbaning a notorious repentant bandits’ leader, Adamu Aliero, as Sarkin Fulani (leader of Fulani). The suspendion was contained in a statement signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Kabiru Balarabe, and made available to newsmen on Sunday night. The statement reads, “This is to inform the general public that the Zamfara State Government has dissociated itself from the alleged turbaning of a Sarkin Fulani by the Emir of Birnin ‘Yandoto of Tsafe Local Government Area”. “In this regard, the State Executive Governor, Hon. Bello Mohammed Matawalle, MON (Shattiman Sokoto) has directed for suspension of the Emir with immediate effect. “Accordingly, the Executive Governor has approved the appointment of a Committee to investigate the circumstances leading to the action of the Emir. “In the meantime, Alh. Mahe Garba Marafa, who is the District Head of ‘Yandoto is hereby assigned to take charge of the affairs of the Emirate. It was gathered that the Emir conferred the traditional title of Sarkin Fulani on Aliero in a colourful ceremony that took place last Saturday. By ISHAQ ZAKIGUSAU- The Zamfara government says it has secured released of over 3,000 kidnapped victims from their abductors from 2019 to date.The Commissioner for Information, Alhaji Ibrahim Dosara, stated this on Tuesday in Gusau while reviewing progress of security operations in the state.He said the victims regained their freedom… In "Metro" By SHUAIB SADIQ GUSAU- Zamfara Government on Sunday advised individuals to obtain guns and defend themselves in the height of the resurgence of insecurity in the state.The state government, in a statement by the Commissioner for Information, Alhaji Ibrahim Dosara, said:” the government has henceforth, directed individuals to prepare and… In "Security" By MOHAMMED TIJJANI KADUNA- The Arewa Development Forum for Peace and Justice has lauded the inauguration of Community Protection Guard (CPG), against banditry in Zamfara.This is contained in a statement by the Executive Chairman of the Forum, Alhaji Zubairu Mustafa on Sunday in Kaduna.Mustafa said commendation came after the Forum’s… In "Security"