By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Officials of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), involved in the Continuous Voter Registration (CVR) exercise were on Wednesday 13th July, 2022, attacked by unknown gunmen in Community Primary School Umuopu in Umuozzi Ward 19 of Igboeze North Local Government Area, Enugu State. This was disclosed by the National Commissioner and Chairman Information and Voter Education Committee, Barr. Festus Okoye in a statement on Thursday. Okoye, who noted that the Administrative Secretary in Enugu State, Mr. Jude Okwuonu, reported that the incident took place at about 2.30pm, added that the gunmen fired sporadically into the air to disperse registrants and registration officials. He further disclosed that in the ensuing stampede, one INEC staff sustained injuries and is receiving treatment in a hospital, however, two voter registration machines and personal items of the staff such as mobile phones were lost. Commenting further, he announced that Ward level registration of voters in Igboeze North is hereby suspended. “It will be recalled that on 3rd July 2022, our office in Ogboeze North Local Government Area was burnt down by unknown arsonists. “In spite of the attack, the Commission was able to continue with Ward level registration with the assistance of vigilantes provided by the Local Government authority. It is one of the centres that has now been attacked. “The incident has been reported to the Police for investigation”, Okoye concluded. By EMMANUEL OLONIRUHA INEC office in Igboeze North LGA, Enugu State, set ablaze on Sunday ABUJA- The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has described the Sunday attack on its Igboeze North Local Government Area office in Enugu State as worrisome.INEC in a statement by its National Commissioner, Information and Voter… In "News" By STANLEY NWANOSIKE ENUGU- Commissioner of Police in Enugu State, Mr Lawal Abubakar, has ordered a thorough investigation to unravel cause of fire outbreak in INEC office in Igboeze North Local Government Area.It would be recalled that fire outbreak at Igboeze North Local Government Area’s INEC Office, located at Ogurute… In "Metro" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Monday said that it's Enugu Office was on Sunday night set ablaze by arsonists destroying 748 ballot boxes, 240 voting cubicles, office furniture and equipment. According the statement sIgned by the National Commissioner, Information and Voter… In "Top Stories"