By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Nigerian Army 3 Division Rukuba Barracks near Jos, on Wednesday took healthcare to its host community at Irigwe Jebu Bassa where it gave out free medical services to indigent residents. The free health care services were targeted to screen non-communicable diseases such as hypertension, diabetes and kidney diseases. The gesture was part of activities to mark the Army Day celebration, the General Officer Commanding (GOC), 3 Division Nigerian Army, Maj. Gen. Ibrahim Ali said. The effort, which is to also foster civil military relationship, also witnessed the Nigerian Army Officers Wives Association (NAOWA), 3 Division Chapter, extending show of love to Orphans and Women who are in Maternity wards in Plateau Hospital. The health care services however also include screening of communicable diseases like HIV, Hepatitis B&C, Syphilis, Eye examinations and free reading glasses for over 100 persons. Others are Dental procedures which will include tooth extraction, filling of cavities, scaling/polishing, Treatment of common medical conditions like malaria, respiratory tract infections, typhoid fever, peptic ulcers among others. The show of love also includes counseling services and dispensing of free drugs, our correspondent reports. Represented by the Chief of Staff Headquarters 3 Division Nigerian Army, Brig.Gen. Davide Kurmi, Gen Ali said the annual event is also aimed at showcasing the commitment of the Nigerian Army over the years, as a professional responsive force. “The theme for this year’s Nigerian Army Day Celebration is ‘Repositioning the Nigerian Army in the Joint Operations Environment: A Panacea for Success in Addressing Contemporary Security Challenges”, the GOC said. Our Correspondent noted that the Acting Commander, 3 Division Medical Services and Hospital, Col. IA Enwuchola supervised the medical outreach. By VICTOR NWACHUKWU General Faruk Yahaya OWERRI- The Nigerian Army has restated its resolve to checkmate the proliferation of  small arms and light weapons across the country.Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt. – Gen. Farouk Yahaya, stated this at a media parley in Owerri on Monday, as part of activities… In "Metro" By MOHAMMED TIJJANI •General. Faruk Yahaya Kaduna- The Chief of Army Staff (COAS),  Lt.-Gen. Faruk Yahaya, on Friday said Nigerian Army remained committed to enhancing the welfare of its retired and discharged personnel.Faruk disclosed this in a good message he sent to the send-off ceremony and regimental dinner night in honour… In "Metro" By POLYCARP AUTA A cross section of senior officers at the dinner RUKUBA(PLATEAU)-The Nigerian Army will continue to engage the services of its retired personnel in tackling insecurity in the country, the Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt.-Gen. Faruk Yahaya  has said.Yahaya said at this on Tuesday night at a… In "Security"