By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Chairman of Senate Committee on Information and National Orientation, Sen. Danladi Abdullahi Sankara has applauded the All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Candidate, Asiwaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu for picking former former Borno State Governor, Sen. Kashim Shettima as his Vice Presidential Candidate running mate. Sankara said the choice of Senator Kashim has further brightened the chances of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to secure victory in next year’s general election. He stated this while addressing party leaders and supporters during the week in Jigawa State. He expressed confidence on the wisdom of Asiwaju Tinubu and capabilities of Senator Kashim Shettima who he described as c“competent, cerebral, tested and accomplished leader and aministrator” that would add value to the presidency of Bola Tinubu in the service of the nation. “By the choice of Senator Kashim Shettima as his running mate for the next year general election Asiwaju Bola Tinubu has proved himself as a leader with great wisdom and vision to assemble capable people to assist him provide the desired leadership that would improve the welfare Nigerians,” Sankara said. “Senator Shettima is capable and well prepared. We are together with him in this 9th Senate and everyone is aware of his leadership capabilities, he will compliment efforts of Asiwaju Bola Tinubu to bring about the desired progress and development of the nation.” On the issue of Muslim-Muslim ticket, Senator Sankara pointed out that there was no cause for alarm or apprehension by any group, especially as both Asiwaju Tinubu and Shettima are patriotic and well meaning Nigerians who are very conscious of the requirements of equity and justice in leadership and public administration. •Borno Governor Prof. Babagana Zulum MAIDUGIRI - Borno State Governor, Prof. Babagana Zulum, has described the choice of his predecessor, Kashim Shettima, on Sunday, as the Vice Presidential Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) as the wisest decision by the presidential flag bearer of the party, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu.… In "Politics" By ISMAILA CHAFE President Muhammadu Buhari and Senator Bola Ahmed Tinubu ABUJA- The All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Candidate for the 2023 General Elections, Sen. Bola Tinubu, has officially announced former Gov.  Kashim Shettima of Borno as his running mate.Tinubu made the announcement on Sunday while briefing journalists after a… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Dr Ahmed Lawan and the North East Caucus of our great party, the All Progressives Congress (APC), has congratulated His Excellency, Senator Kashim Ibrahim Shettima, on his nomination as the running mate to the party's presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola… In "Top Stories"