ASABA – Honourable Erhiatake Ibori-Suenu, daughter of former Governor of Delta State, James Ibori, on Tuesday polled 46 votes against her rival, Hon. Ben Igbakpa, who scored only 22 votes in the Peoples Democratic Party run-off primaries election for the Ethiope Federal Constituency of Delta. Hon. Ben Igbakpa, the serving lawmaker representing the constituency, is widely believed to be the favourite candidate of the incumbent Governor of the State, Dr. Ifeanyi Okowa. “The contest was between Ibori and Okowa NOT Ben Igbakpa and Erhitake”, Fejiro Oliver, a notable PDP leader in Delta State posted on his Facebook page shortly after the result of the run-off election conducted at Oghara Township Stadium, was announced. He added, “The only candidate Okowa and I were on same page with was Ben Igbakpa. Till this very morning, Okowa’s instruction was for Ben to be voted in by delegates. This I can tell you for free”. Recall that both Hon. Erhiatake Ibori-Suenu and Hon. Ben Igbakpa, had earlier tied by scoring 34 votes respectively when the primaries was initially conducted. In another run-off election held at the Sapele Township Stadium for the Okpe/Sapele/Uvwie Federal Constituency, the former Commissioner for Water Resources, Barr. Evelyn Oboro polled 45 votes against her opponent, Chief Napoleon Gbinije, who scored 36 votes. The duo had initially scored 25 votes each, when the primaries was first conducted. (The PUNCH) Abuja (Sundiata Post) - One person was killed in Bayelsa State as violence marred the conduct of the Peoples Democratic Party’s primary for the House Representatives and state Houses of Assembly elections in some parts of the country on Sunday. There was a report of alleged abduction of delegates in… In "Top Stories" The Leader Of INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, Primate Elijah Ayodele, on Saturday, issued warning ahead of the next governorship elections in Delta, Enugu, Akwa Ibom, and Rivers States. Primate Ayodele noted that Governor Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State will face challenges if he doesn’t pick James Augoye as his successor.… In "Interview" Governor Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State By W.S. Iwerebor When news filtered in that the rubber-stamp Delta State House of Assembly has within hours and without recourse to any public enlightenment of the people, approved a colossal loan of N150 billion wrapped up as ‘bridging finance facility’ to the administration… In "Opinion"