By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Plateau Senator APC Plateau South, Prof. Nora Dadu’ut, on Wednesday held a thanksgiving service for escaping an angry mob last month in Namu Community of Qua’an Pan Local Government Area of Plateau State. Dadu’ut had visited Namu with an empowerment program designed to upgrade her constituents’ computer skills. The mob had blocked the convoy of the Senator demanding that she placed a call to the Police to release their detained youths. With a sustained plea for almost three hours for the youths to back down, it took the Special Military Taskforce (STF) deployed to the area to rescue the Senator. Our correspondent had also reported that the Senator in company of 14 journalists escaped the trap of the mob through the efforts of the STF leaving the NUJ Press bus burnt and as well as the pilot vehicle of the Senator. However, speaking at a thanksgiving service held at a Catholic Church in Jos, the Dadu’ut sang praises to God for her life, her aids and that of the journalists. She said despite the unfortunate incident, she will always put the interest of her people first, calling on them to seek dialogue at all times in resolving issues. By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senator representing Plateau South (APC), Prof. Nora Dadu'ut, has said she had no intention running for the second time in the Senate, saying that there are other people in the zone who have a lot to offer the State Southern Constituent. Dadu'ut,… In "Top Stories" By Chijioke Kingsley Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Plateau Senator, professor Nora Ladi Dadu'ut (APC Plateau South), has encouraged Nigerians not to lose faith in calling on God regardless of the insecurity situation confronting the nation. Dadu'ut said the victory of Jesus Christ on the cross is a testament that evil… In "Top Stories" By Kingsley Chukwuka Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Plateau only female Senator (APC Plateau South), Prof. Nora Dadu'ut, has again empowered the people of Plateau South Senatorial District with agricultural farm implements, aimed at adding colour to their lives. In addition to the agricultural implements, she also donated items from the… In "News"