By AKEEM ABAS IBADAN- Alhaji Idris Abiola-Ajimobi, son of late former Gov. Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo, has emerged the All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate for Ibadan South-West II State Constituency.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the late former governor’s son emerged the consensus candidate at the party’s primary held on Thursday in Ibadan.NAN reports that his opponents at the primary stepped down to pave way for him as the party’s flag bearer in the 2023 general election.Abiola-Ajimobi thanked God, his co-aspirants and supporters for paving the way for him to emerge as a consensus candidate, promising to make the party proud.He also thanked the leaders and constituents for the unrelenting support to him as well as the party at large.“I will make the people proud. I will make my constituency proud and give them quality representation. I promise to give my best against all contenders from the opposition parties,” he said.He extended his hands of fellowship to his co-aspirants who stepped down for him, promising to work with them for the good of the party.“I appreciate our state political leaders, zonal leaders, leaders at the local governments, all APC excos, members, delegates and good people of Ibadan south-west for their steadfastness, love and support.“I wish all of us victory at the 2023 elections. May God spare our lives and reward our efforts,” he said. (NAN) By AKEEM ABAS Mr Idris Abiola-Ajimobi, son of the late Gov. Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo State, addressing party leaders on Tuesday in Ibadan on his intention to contest the State Assembly seat for Ibadan South-West II Constituency in 2023 Elections. Ibadan- Mr Idris Abiola-Ajimobi, son of the late Gov. Abiola… In "Politics" By AKEEM ABAS •Governor Bala Mohammed Ibadan- Gov. Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State says he remains the most credible aspirant in the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the 2023 presidential election.Mohammed made the declaration at the Oyo State PDP secretariat in Ibadan on Sunday.The governor called on delegates to support… In "Politics" By ABIODUN ESAN ILORIN- Members of a faction of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) in Kwara have boycotted primary elections conducted by the party to elect candidates for the 2023 general elections.A chieftain of the SDP in the state, Mr Adebara Adelowo, made this known in a statement in Ilorin.Adelowo,… In "Politics"