By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – At exactly seven year in office and one year to the end of his second term tenure, the Presidency, on Saturday, released a 67-page fact sheet highlighting the high points of the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari. The fact sheet released on Saturday by the Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, highlighted the 18 bills signed into law, eight executive orders, several infrastructure projects, bilateral agreements, fiscal reforms as well as the appointment of eminent Nigerians to chair global organisations. In the statement titled, ‘Buhari administration at 7: Service to the people, nothing else,’ the Presidency said Buhari had kept to his campaign promise “to serve Nigeria faithfully in all spheres of national life.” “He concluded the first four years, and Nigerians, in a show of confidence, massively renewed his term for another four years, which lapses this time next year,” the statement said. The Presidency said Buhari had made “strides in infrastructural development; roads, bridges, rail, air and seaports, housing, and many others.” It also listed as Buhari’s other areas of achievement as “oil and gas reforms; digital economy; mines and steel development; agriculture; education, health, creative industry, sports and security.” Adesina described the document as “a one-stop-shop of the achievements of the Muhammadu Buhari administration at seven.” The document highlighted 18 bills signed into law by the Presidents, including the Electoral Act (Amendment) Bill, 2022; Money Laundering (Prevention and Prohibition) Bill, 2022; Terrorism (Prevention and Prohibition) Bill, 2022; Proceeds of Crime (Recovery and Management) Bill, 2022; Deep Offshore and Inland Basin Production Sharing Contracts Act, 1993 (Amendment) Act, 2019, and the Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria (Amendment) Acts of 2019 and 2021. On infrastructure, Adesina noted that Buhari had, and was still constructing, over 961km stretch of rail lines crisscrossing the nation. The factsheet also highlighted other infrastructural gains in terms of power, roads, healthcare, housing, oil and gas, and digital economy. It noted the launch of a new national 5G policy in 2021. On the foreign scene, Adesina noted that the Buhari-led government has struck profitable ties and signed various MoUs across infrastructural, security, economy and humanitarian lines with countries such as China, Saudi Arabia, United Arabs Emirates, Morocco, South Africa, the United Kingdom, the United States, Germany, among others. The administration, the factsheet said, had also been instrumental to the appointment of several Nigerians as heads of various global organisations. It also highlighted government’s response to the Coronavirus pandemic, saying, “The President in March 2020 set up an Economic Sustainability Committee chaired by Vice President Osinbajo, to develop a comprehensive economic plan to respond to the disruptions and dislocations caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. “The PTF has since April 2021 transitioned into a Presidential Steering Committee on Covid-19.” Punch ABUJA - Two influential governors from the northern part of the country who are behind the return bid of former President Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, have secured the buy-in of a section of the presidency to actualise their agenda of drafting the former president into the presidential race. Multiple sources, who… In "Top Stories" Northern power brokers are back in the trenches, scheming how the region will retain political power in the country in 2023. Their plan is to ensure that as many presidential aspirants as possible emerge from the south while they would prop up a single aspirant from the region to slug… In "Opinion" •Bishop Mathew Hassan Kukah ABUJA - The Muhammadu Buhari Administration on Sunday attributed the delayed delivery of 12 Super Tucano jet fighters for the Nigerian Air Force to fight insecurity across the country to comments by those it described as “the opponents of the Nigerian government” including the Catholic Bishop… In "Top Stories"