By VICTOR NWACHUKWU OWERRI- Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo, Senate President, Ahmed Lawan, and Gov. Dave Umahi of Ebonyi have consulted with delegates of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Imo. The trio consulted with the delegates in separate meetings in Owerri, the Imo capital, on Tuesday, ahead of the APC’s presidential primaries slated for May 29.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Osinbajo met with delegates from Abia and Ebonyi states in a closed-door session. Lawan, who consulted with the delegates at the party’s secretariat in Owerri, pledged to fully accommodate the interests of the South-East geo-political zone, if elected president. He thanked Gov. Hope Uzodimma for his “excellent leadership skills” in Imo and the South-East, promising not to let Nigerians down. Also speaking in the course of his consultation, Gov. Umahi pledged to make Nigeria proud if elected president of the nation in 2023.He assured that his developmental strides in Ebonyi were only a glimpse of his planned developmental initiatives for Nigeria. “It is with a deep sense of responsibility and humility that I inform you of my intention to contest for the office of the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria on the platform of the All Progressives Congress come 2023.“If elected President, we shall run a participatory government and, together, develop policy frameworks that will enhance the physical and social environment and tackle corruption and insecurity. “I will make you proud as president of Nigeria come 2023. The transformation you see in Ebonyi is a microcosm of the macrocosm of Nigeria’s attainment come 2023.“We shall address squarely, the problems that deter the growth of our economy, especially through the creation of critical infrastructure and manpower development,” he said. (NAN) By PETER OKOLIE Governor Dave Umahi OWERRI- Gov. Dave Umahi of Ebonyi says Nigeria needs a president from the South-East geo-political zone to create wealth and correct the injustices meted to the people. Umahi, a Presidential aspirant on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC) stated this when he… In "Politics" •Vice President Yemi Osinbajo ABUJA - After months of speculations Vice President Yemi Osinbajo last night confirmed that he would bid for the All Progressives Congress (APC) ticket to run for President. He chose the occasion of an Iftar (the break of fast during Ramadan) to inform governors elected on the… In "Top Stories" By EMMANUEL MOGBEDEAbuja- The national leadership, youth wing of the All Progressives Congress (APC), has invited the party’s presidential aspirants for a town hall meeting to discuss their plans for youths if elected.Mr Dayo Israel, leader of the APC youth wing, gave the invitation in a statement titled: “What do… In "Politics"