Abuja – The Senate Chief Whip, Senator Orji Uzor-Kalu, has congratulated the Peoples Democratic party for electing former vice-president Atiku Abubakar, as the party’s candidate for the 2023 presidential election. Kalu in a statement on Sunday stated that Atiku’s victory in the PDP presidential primary election meant that Nigerians has understood his political calculations about 2023. He agured that since Abubakar hails from North East geo-political zone, the All Progressives Congress should also give its ticket to a North Eastner too. He stated, “I congratulations the PDP for electing a North Easterner her presidential candidate. Nigerians must have seen what I saw yesterday . For our party the APC, it is no longer feasible to talk about Southern candidates except the APC want to go on political retirement. “I urge the National Chairman of the party and the entire NWC to stamp their feet and zone APC presidential ticket to the North East . “President Muhammad Buhari has a right to choose his successor and I call on him to pick Senator Ahmad Lawan as his successor. “In every democratic setting, presidents and Governors support and pick their successors. I call on President Buhari to pick a successor from the North East and that will be the equity the South East needs. With the North East , the cycle will be closest to completion of regions producing the president of Nigeria. “By now all APC aspirants should drop their ambition and support a North Easterner . Senator Ahmad Lawan is the destination. “Congratulations to the North East as we look forward to a president of Nigeria from the North East”. Abuja - The chief whip of the Senate, Chief Orji Uzor-Kalu, has stated that he would stay away from the 2023 presidential contest if the All Progressive Congress fails to zone her presidential ticket to the South-East geo-political zone. He said in the absence of such zoning, he would seek… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Chief Whip of the Senate, Orji Kalu, has revealed the hidden game plan of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), saying that nine presidential aspirants are set to step down for the emergence of the Senate President Ahmad Lawan. However, Mr Kalu, who… In "Top Stories" •Peter Obi, Ayo Fayose and Dele Momodu A joker in poker is a wild card. It can be flipped; it can substitute and be substituted. And it can just be that jester. Nigeria’s political caravan is saturated with jokers. While some jokers are well aware of their status as factotums… In "Opinion"