By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Deputy Senate President, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege, has emerged winner of the All Progressives Congress (APC) primary election in Asaba, the Delta State capital. Senator Omo-Agege emerged victorious after polling 1,190 votes in the Delta State APC governorship primary election. Although he was returned unopposed, delegates reaffirmed their votes in line with the Electoral Act. This was contained in a statement signed by Ima Niboro on behalf of the Director, Communications and Media Strategy, Ovie Omo-Agege Campaign Organisation, According to the statement, the Chairperson of the Electoral Committee, Oyibo Nwaneri Esq., congratulated the winner and party delegates on a successful exercise. Secretary of the Committee, Ambassador Elijah Onyeagba announced that out of the 1,350 adhoc delegates, 1,235 were duly accredited while 1,190 votes were cast for the lawmaker with one void vote. In his remarks, Delta State Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC), Rev. Monday Udoh Tom described the exercise as credible, peaceful, free and fair. The event which held at Federal College of Education (Technical), Asaba, was supervised by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), police and State Security Service operatives. In his acceptance speech, Omo-Agege thanked delegates for reposing confidence in him, assuring that he would not let them down. Lamenting the neglect of large swathes of the state by the Ifeanyi Okowa-led administration despite the immense resources available to Delta, Senator Omo-Agege said even the core areas on whose back Okowa rose to become an Anioma governor have had nothing to show for their support for his administration. The Deputy Senate President expressed dismay that despite the refusal of the government to pay pensioners in the last seven years, it has earmarked N5.1 billion for the construction of an International Conference Centre. This, he termed as a misplacement of priorities and a slap on the faces of senior citizens of the state. “We are not happy that while they have neglected all these obligations to our pensioners and people who have given their best years to our state, the government is spending N5.1 billion in the erection and construction of a new convention edifice. We don’t think this makes sense. “There is so much infrastructural decadence in this state. And we are in a hurry to get to work, win the elections and liberate our people,” he said. Party chieftains at the event include the State party chairman, Elder Omeni Sobotie, senator representing Delta North Senatorial District, Sen. Peter Nwaoboshi; member representing Ughelli South/North, Udu Federal Constituency, Hon. Rev. Francis Waive; Chief of Staff to the Deputy President of the Senate, Dr. Otive Igbuzor. The founding leader of the party in the state and 2015 governorship candidate, Olorogun O’tega Emerhor; Chief Ayiri Emami, Chief Lucky Okperi, Chief Edeh Dafinone among others, were also fully on ground.   . Abuja - The All Progressives Congress governorship primaries held on Thursday deepened the crises in the party’s state chapters as some factions held parallel congresses while others boycotted the polls entirely. Some aspirants in Ogun, Lagos, Rivers, and Ebonyi states in separate interviews faulted the delegate lists used for the… In "Top Stories" Senator Omo-Agege addressing the mammoth crowd By ANNABELL OGHENEGANRE The crowd was massive. Effurun was practically shut down. It was like a Presidential rally. The sea of heads that graced the occasion was unprecedented. They came from all parts of Delta State. They were ordinary voters hungry for change. They… In "Politics" By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate, on Tuesday, amended the Electoral Act, 2022, to allow ‘statutory delegates’ - all those elected - to participate and vote in the conventions, congresses or meetings of political parties.  This followed the expeditious consideration of a bill during plenary which scaled first,… In "Top Stories"