By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) Former Anambra State Governor and the presidential aspirant on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party, Dr Peter Obi has left the main opposition platform. Mr Obi’s exit, coming on the eve of hotly-contested presidential primaries, came as the politician expressed fears he might be humiliated at the convention in Abuja. Mr Obi confirmed his exit to Peoples Gazette on Wednesday evening, saying he caught wind of a gang up against him. He did not immediately disclose his next platform. The development is expected to put additional spotlight on the PDP’s primaries scheduled to be held in Abuja this weekend, where Mr Obi was initially seen as a front runner in a race that includes Atiku Abubakar, Nyesom Wike, Dele Momodu, Bukola A spokesman for the PDP did not immediately return a request seeking comments. A source familiar with the development said Mr Obi feared he might not do well at the convention, despite his widespread popularity and fame amongst everyday Nigerians. In a letter to the party chairman, Mr Obi appreciated his membership and left open future collaboration in service to the country. By OLONIRUHA EMMANUEL •Peter Obi ABUJA- Presidential aspirant of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Peter Obi, has resigned from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and also withdraws from the presidential race on the platform of the party.Obi announced his resignation in a letter titled “Resignation From PDP and Withdrawal from the… In "Politics" Peter Obi (left) and Doyin Okupe ABUJA - Barely one to the conduct of the presidential primaries of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), supporters of a leading aspirant, Peter Obi, have raised the alarm over plans to force him to step down. Doing Okupe, one of Obi’s top campaign managers,… In "Top Stories" By Emma Ogbuehi It is no longer news that the former Anambra State Governor, Peter Obi, has dumped the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). But the question many are asking is why? The first doubt to be cleared is that while it is true that Obi has announced his withdrawal from… In "Politics"