By HABIBU HARISU SOKOTO- Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, Vice President and an All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential aspirant in the 2023 election, has called for understanding and tolerance among Nigerians. Osinbajo stated this in Sokoto, when he paid a courtesy visit to the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar III, on Monday. He said Nigeria’s strength lies in its unity and diversity, noting that if different faiths and ethnic nationalities would work together with the nation’s interest, the country would be taken to greater heights. He explained that “the country must stay united because our unity is the basis of our success and prosperity. If we are not united, our country will be wasted.” Osinbajo described the challenges as surmountable, and that is what governments are working on everyday. Responding, Abubakar prayed for success of the vice president and asked Allah to guide him through the process. In an interview with newsmen after interactive meeting with APC stakeholders, Osinbajo said if elected as President, he would ensure that programmes, policies and projects of President Muhammadu Buhari will be sustained. According to him, his experience as Nigeria’s Vice President in the last seven years under President Buhari has placed him in high pedestal to lead the country from 2023. ”I met privately with the stakeholders, mostly delegates of the APC, and we had very good interactions. ”We discussed a wide range of issues, including economy, security, education and health care and others,” Osinbajo said. (NAN) By GABRIEL YOUGH •Vice President. Prof.Yemi Osinbajo Jalingo- Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo, and presidential aspirant on the platform of the All progressives Congress (APC), says a better Nigeria is in sight with the collective efforts of Nigerians.Osinbajo disclosed this on Wednesday in an interview with journalists, shortly after he held a… In "Politics" By HAJARA LEMAN •Governor Inuwa Yahaya Gombe- Gov. Inuwa Yahaya of Gombe State has thrown his weight behind the presidential ambition of Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo. •Vice President Yemi Osinbajo Yahaya stated this when Osinbajo paid homage to the Emir of Gombe, Alhaji Abubakar Shehu-Abubakar, on Monday in Gombe.The News Agency… In "Politics" By SHUAIB SADIQ •Vice President Yemi Osinbajo Gusau- Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, a leading Presidential Aspirant of All Progressives Congress (APC) in the 2023 general elections, on Saturday in Gusau held a closed-door meeting with Zamfara delegates.The Vice President who fielded questions from newsmen shortly after the meeting, said he… In "Politics"