MINNA – Bandits are said to have killed three delegates for the People Democratic Party’s gubernatorial primaries in Niger State’s Mariga Local Government Area. Lawrence Ewhrudjakpo, Chairman of the Electoral Committee and Deputy Governor of Bayelsa State, announced this today at the State PDP Secretariat in Minna, where the primaries were held. The delegates were killed on Wednesday, May 25, while returning to Mariga after the party postponed the primaries due to a protest by some aspirants who expressed distrust with the delegates list, according to Ewhrudjakpo. “We left Minna in the wee hours of the morning after the PDP announced that the Governorship Primaries would be held on Thursday, and that we should bring our voter’s card or other form of identification.” We were returning home to get our identification when we came across bandits on the road who opened fire on our vehicle. Despite the fact that we were able to flee because the driver was not hit, four people died instantly.” Shehu Haruna, a delegate, said. By OBINNA UNAEZE MINNA- Governorship primary election of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Niger was postponed from Wednesday to Thursday following protests by four of the five aspirants contesting the election.The protesting aspirants, Alhaji Sani Kutigi, Alhaji Sidi Abdul, Mr Abdulrahman Gimba and Alhaji Abubakar Jankara, insisted that delegates… In "Politics" .... As protests mar governorship primaries By Chibuike Nwabuko ABUJA - Former Governor of Anambra State and presidential hopeful, Peter Obi, has dropped out of the presidential race of the PDP amid talks with the Rabiu-Kwankwaso-led New Nigeria Peoples Party, the Labour Party and the Social Democratic Party, This is… In "Top Stories" By ISAIAH EKA Governor Udom Emmanuel ONNA (Akwa Ibom)- Gov. Udom Emmanuel of Akwa Ibom, has assured people of the state that he would reconcile aggrieved members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), after the party’s primary elections. Emmanuel said this on Sunday, while speaking with newsmen at his country… In "News"