KATSINA – Gunmen early Wednesday broke into one of the parishes presided over by the Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto, Matthew Hassan-Kukah, The PUNCH has learnt. Our correspondent gathered that the armed hoodlums kidnapped two priests and two others in the rectory of St. Patrick’s Catholic Church, Gidan Maikambo, in the Kafur Local Government Area of Katsina State. Kukah’s Sokoto Diocese covers Katsina, Zamfara, Sokoto and Kebbi States. The Director, Social Communications of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto, Rev. Fr Christopher Omotosho, confirmed the development with our correspondent on Wednesday morning. He said the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto is under attack and no information has been gotten as to the whereabouts of the abductees. Omotosho said, “As at midnight of today, 25th May, 2022, gunmen broke into the rectory of St. Patrick’s Catholic Church, Gidan Maikambo, Kafur LGA of Katsina State. “The parish priest and his assistant Rev. Frs. Stephen Ojapa, MSP, and Oliver Okpara and two boys in the house were kidnapped. “No information as to their whereabouts. Kindly pray for their safety and release.” When contacted, the spokesman for Katsina State Police Command, Gambo Isah, said, “Let me find out.” On May 14, rampaging hoodlums torched and vandalised some parishes presided over by Kukah in Sokoto following his condemnation of the gruesome murder of Deborah Yakubu by her Muslim colleagues. The 200-level Home Economics student of Shehu Shagari College of Education in Sokoto was accused of blasphemy against Prophet Muhammed. The rioters also burnt some parts of Kukah’s church buildings and set a bus ablaze on one of the premises. The Sokoto religious-tainted riot has extended to some parts of Bauchi and Abuja in the last few days while security agents and some northern governors have warned against religious violence. (THE PUNCH) Bishop Matthew Hassan Kukah Late Deborah Samuel Yakubu SOKOTO - The  Sokoto Diocese of the Catholic Church headed by Bishop Matthew Hassan Kukah has been set ablaze, Peoples Gazette reports.  St  Bahkita, which serves as the secretariat of the diocese, was set alight amid demonstrations for the release of Deborah… In "Top Stories" •Late Deborah Yakubu SOKOTO - Catholic Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, Matthew Hassan Kukah, has said the killing of a female student of Shehu Shagari College of Education, Sokoto, on Thursday allegedly for blasphemy is a criminal act and must be treated as such. Deborah Yakubu, a female student of the… In "Top Stories" •Bishop Mathew Hassan Kukah ABUJA - The Muhammadu Buhari Administration on Sunday attributed the delayed delivery of 12 Super Tucano jet fighters for the Nigerian Air Force to fight insecurity across the country to comments by those it described as “the opponents of the Nigerian government” including the Catholic Bishop… In "Top Stories"