By OLAJIDE IDOWU OSOGBO- Mr Gboyega Famodun, Chairman, Osun State Chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC), has condemned the attack on members of the Correspondents’ Chapel of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), by some suspected political thugs on Monday. Famodun, in a statement on Tuesday, commiserated with the journalists and some members who were attacked when the party’s governorship campaign train visited Gbongan, Aiyedaade Local Government. The chairman described the attack as ”wicked, uncivilized, crude, callous, shocking, inhuman and against the tenets of democracy”. “I cannot fathom the reason for the attack,” he said, adding that the nefarious act was carried out by some elements who are afraid of defeat during the forthcoming election. “I commiserate with the chapel over the attack of four of their members by suspected political thugs shortly after the governor and his entourage left the campaign venue at Gbongan on Monday. Famodun stated that no amount of provocation, through physical and verbal attacks, would prevent Gov. Oyetola from coasting to victory in his re-election bid on July 16, 2022. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) learnt that the Chapel’s bus, with journalists in it, was attacked by suspected political thugs while leaving the venue of the governorship campaign in Gbongan. The attackers, who were armed with cutlasses, cudgels, axes, stones and other weapons, also attacked APC members’ vehicles, leaving many injured. The injured newsmen were, however, taken to a private hospital at Ogo-Oluwa Area of Osogbo for treatment after they returned to the state capital. (NAN) By VICTOR ADEOTIGBONGAN (OSUN)- Hoodlums attacked some four vehicles conveying newsmen as they exited from the campaign venue of Osun’s Gov. Gboyega Oyetola in Gbongan, Ayedaade Local Government Area of the state on Monday.Oyetola had just finished addressing his supporters at Arapajo Area of Gbongan when the journalists came under attack.The… In "News" By Abiodun Esan •Elder James Olajide, factional SDP Chairman in Ifelodun Local Government, manhandled by the thugs on Wednesday in Ilorin. Ilorin- Political thugs on Wednesday disrupted a news conference of a faction of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) in Ilorin.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the thugs… In "Politics" By ALEX ENEBELI Enugu- The Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) has urged political parties in Enugu State to desist from barring its members from covering their activities/programmes ahead of 2023 general elections.Mr Sam Udekwe, the Chairman of NUJ, Enugu State Chapter, made the call during a telephone interview with the News… In "Politics"