ENUGU – Former Minister of Information, Frank Nweke Jr. has been declared winner of the primary election of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA primary election to elect the party’s governorship candidate. The former minister polled 273 votes to beat Jeff Nnamani, a relative of former Governor of Enugu State, Chimaroke Nnamani who scored 267 votes. The result of the election was declared by Chief Uchenna Okogbuo, the chairman of the electoral committee The election was a very keen contest as Nweke won with a narrow vote of six votes. The election which held at Amadeo Event Centre, Enugu also had other aspirants which includes the following: Ude Donatus, Obi Donatus and Nwaebo Uchenna. Donatus Ude scored two Votes, Obi Donatus 3 votes while Nwaebo Uchenna got nine votes.Number of delegates is 732 but the number accredited to voters is 555. In his acceptance speech, Frank Nweke commended the leadership of the party in the state and national as well as the delegates for their conduct. He described the process as very transparent and called on other aspirants to join hands with him as the ultimate goal is to have an APGA government in Enugu State. He acknowledged the enormous task ahead and called for commitment and dedication to service. He thanked the electoral committee for the great job they gave done and expressed optimism that APGA would form the next government in the state. He disclosed that the he would be revealing his manifesto in the coming days and assured that his campaign will be issues based. (Journalist101) . •Frank Nweke II ENUGU - Nigeria’s former Minister of Information and Communication Frank Nweke II, has dumped the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and thrown his hat in the ring for the governorship election in Enugu State in 2023. On Thursday (today) he joined the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), declaring… In "Top Stories" •Clockwise: Peter Obi, Anyim Pius Anyim and Sam Ohabunwa Since the return to democratic rule in 1999, the five states in the southeast (Abia, Enugu, Anambra Ebonyi and Imo States) have been very loyal and consistent to the People’s Democratic Party (PDP). Though on few occasions, the regional party, the… In "Opinion" .... As protests mar governorship primaries By Chibuike Nwabuko ABUJA - Former Governor of Anambra State and presidential hopeful, Peter Obi, has dropped out of the presidential race of the PDP amid talks with the Rabiu-Kwankwaso-led New Nigeria Peoples Party, the Labour Party and the Social Democratic Party, This is… In "Top Stories"