YENAGOA – Ahead of the convention this weekend of the ruling All Progressives (APC) to choose its presidential flag bearer for the 2023 election, a federal high court in Yenagoa, the Bayelsa State capital, has cleared former President Goodluck Jonathan for the 2023 presidential contest. The court gave the ruling on the eve of the ruling party’s presidential contest. Jonathan has been linked to the APC presidential race as a group purchased the N100 million forms for him. However, there have been different positions on his eligibility for the 2023 presidential election. But on Friday, the court held that Jonathan, who lost the 2015 election to President Muhammadu Buhari, could still vie for the highest office in the land. One Andy Solomon had approached the court praying that he (Jonathan) is “pre-eminently constitutionally, morally and legally qualified to contest the 2023 presidential election.” The case with suit no FHC/YNG/CS/2022 has Andy Solomon as the plaintiff and the former president and two others as defendants. Abuja - Rights activist and Senior Advocate of Nigeria, Mike Ozekhome, has faulted the stance of another senior lawyer, Femi Falana, SAN, over the widely speculated proposed 2023 candidacy of a former President of Nigeria, Goodluck Jonathan. The PUNCH had reported that Femi Falana had noted that section 137(3) of… In "Top Stories" ABUJA - Two influential governors from the northern part of the country who are behind the return bid of former President Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, have secured the buy-in of a section of the presidency to actualise their agenda of drafting the former president into the presidential race. Multiple sources, who… In "Top Stories" Dr. Goodluck Jonathan with APC National Chairman, Abdullahi Adamu on Monday in Abuja By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE ABUJA - Barely 48 hours after disassociating himself from moves by some groups to draft him into the 2023 presidential race, former President Goodluck Jonathan has finally made up his mind to vie for… In "Top Stories"