By GEORGE ODOK CALABAR- Sen. Bassey Otu, a former lawmaker who represented Cross River South in the National Assembly, has emerged governorship flag bearer of the All Progressive Congress (APC).The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that at the party’s governorship primary election, held at the U.J Esuene Stadium in Calabar, Sen. Otu emerged winner after scoring 811 votes to defeat his opponents, Sen. John Owan-Enoh who got 84 votes and Mr Chris Agara, 63 votes.The exercise, which began after accreditation of voters on Thursday May 26, ended at the early hours of Friday May 27, with the result announced by the Chairman of the party’s Primary Election Committee, Mr Mohammed Kolo.NAN reports that other aspirants had earlier withdrawn from the contest.Chairman of the APC in Cross River, Mr Alphonsus Eba, congratulated Otu on his victory which he described as ‘landslide’.Also, Amb. Soni Abang, the Director General of Otu’s Campaign Organisation, congratulated the former lawmaker over his emergence as the APC flag bearer in the state, and appealed to the electorates to vote massively for Otu in the 2023 general election.Mr Peter Odey, Leader of Cross River House of Assembly and member representing Ogoja State Constituency, expressed confidence that Otu will win the state for APC in 2023.He thanked Gov. Ben Ayade of the state for keeping to his words in ensuring that a candidate from the southern part of the state should emerge with a view to returning power to Cross River South (NAN) By EMMANUEL OLONIRUHA •Mr Wilfred Bonse ABUJA- A PDP member, Amb. Wilfred Bonse, has withdrawn from contesting the 2023 governorship election in Cross River, asking the party to refund the N21 million used to purchase forms.Bonse in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja on Tuesday,… In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Cross River State Governor, Sen. Ben Ayade has described the Transportation Minister, Rt Hon. Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi as a man with outstanding qualities fit to rule Nigeria. The RT Hon. Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi Media Office disclosed this in a statement made available to… In "Top Stories" Calabar- A new entrant to the Senate race on PDP platform, Chief Gershom Bassey, on Tuesday defeated Sen. Bassey Otu, to pick the party's ticket for Cross River South Senatorial District. Bassey, who is Chairman, Cross River Water Board, defeated Otu at the rescheduled senate primary in the district. He… In "News"