By LEONARD OKACHIEUMUAHIA- The abductors of His Eminence, Samuel Kanu-Uche, the Prelate of the Methodist Church, Nigeria and two other priests from the church have demanded a sum N100 million as ransom.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Prelate, the Bishop of Owerri, Rt. Rev. Dennis Mark and the Prelate’s Chaplain, were kidnapped on Sunday in Umunneochi Local Government Area of Abia.They were abducted while they were on their way from a programme in the council area.The Secretary of the Conference, the Rt. Revd. (Dr.) Michael Akinwale confirmed the demand in a statement issued to newsmen on Monday.He appealed to all parishioners to rise up and help in raising the N100million ransom.The secretary released the account particulars as follows: “Name: Methodist Church Nigeria.Account Number : 2000041229.Bank: First Bank.”The statement read in part:“The devastating news of the abduction of our Prelate, the Bishop of Owerri, and the Prelate’s Chaplain has left everybody in shock.“This is a period of trial in which the Church must cry out that ‘The Lord that answereth by Fire’ must be our God to destroy all the manipulations of the adversary.“Let us all arise and cry out to the Lord!“As we engage in Prayer Warfare, this serves to notify you that the abductors have demanded a ransom of N100m.“In view of the urgency and the dire need to arrest the situation for the safety of our Prelate and other abductees, it has become imperative to seek your URGENT RESPONSE to raise the N100m ransom“The safety of the Prelate and other abductees must be of paramount concern to all, and your contributions spiritually and monetarily shall not go unrewarded.”NAN reports that the Police Public Relations Officer in Abia, SP Geoffrey Ogbonna had confirmed the incident to our correspondent on Sunday.“It’s quite unfortunate. Efforts are on top gear toward his rescue as well as other priests with him.“We solicit credible information from the public toward their rescue, please,” Ogbonna had said. (NAN) By IKENNA UWADILEKE •Senator Orji Uzor Kalu ABUJA- The Chief Whip of the Senate, Sen. Orji Kalu has condemned  abduction of the Prelate of the Methodist Church Nigeria, His Eminence, Samuel Kanu.Kalu, in a statement issued on Monday in Abuja, described the incident as devastating and evil.The Prelate alongside the… In "News" By SUNDAY BASSEYMkpat Enin- The police command in Akwa Ibom has confirmed the abduction of a Catholic priest, Alphonsus Uboh, at the church premises in Mkpat Enin Local Government Area of the state.SP Odiko Macdon, the State Police Public Relations Officer, disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "Metro" Former President Olusegun Obasanjo says the country will not disintegrate in spite of the current challenges it is facing. Obasanjo made the assertion in Lagos on Friday at a book lunch in honour of His Eminence, Sunday Mbang, Prelate Emeritus of the Methodist Church Nigeria. The News Agency of Nigeria… In "News"