A teenager, Hamsatu Abdullahi, has won an N200 million judgment against Nigerian telecommunications giant, MTN, and Nigeria Electricity Liability Management Company (NELMCO). The suit with number YBS/D/HC2/001/2021 was filed on behalf of Hamsatu, , a minor who was injured by a second defendant’s (NELMCO) electricity cable in front of their house despite protests at the first defendant’s (MTN) building of a mast in the same position by her father, Abdullahi Koki. Because of the 2012 event in Chumbusko village in Karasuwa Local Government Area in Yobe State, little Hamsatu’s hands and right leg were amputated, leaving her permanently handicapped. Hamsatu was granted N200 million in damages against MTN Nigeria Ltd and NELMCO by Justice Mallam Lawu Lawan in his ruling. Lawan ruled that, “I hold that the plaintiff has dully established by oral and documentary credible and unchallenged evidence against the defendants. I equally hold that the plaintiff is entitled to claims from the defendants jointly and severally as compensating or general damages for the permanent disablement via the loss of her two hands, right leg, continuous pains medical treatment, anguish, shock and continuous psychological trauma and loss of amenities of life caused by the defendants’ act and omissions. “Therefore, the sum of two hundred million naira (N200,000,000.00) is hereby awarded against the defendants jointly and severally in favour of the plaintiff. The particular of heads of the damages is as follows: 1. Loss of earnings, pains and suffering – N10,000,000.00 2. Loss of capacity for enjoyment of life – N10,000,000.00 3. Shortening of expectation of life – 10,000,000.00 4. Cost of keeping a servant to assist the plaintiff – N10,000,000.00 5. General damages – N150,000,000.00 6. Cost of action – N10,000,000.00.” Counsel to the plaintiff, Ahmed Igoche, said he was happy with the judgment because it involves a teenage girl from a remote village and a multi-million company like MTN and NELMCO. “What gives me joy for this judgement is the status of the people that are involved in this case and our defendants. This is a girl from a remote village in Karasuwa with very poor family background. So what this judgement has taught us is to respect the Law and that the Law can bring you down no matter how high you are,” Igoche said.  (The Nation) Some workers and artisans have urged the Federal Government to priortise citizens’ food, electricity, transportation and security to make things easier for them. In separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday in Abuja, they said prioritising the availability of these basic necessities would go a long… In "News" By Sandra Umeh Lagos - A Federal High Court in Lagos on Thursday, fixed March 26 to hear a preliminary objection to a suit by MTN Nigeria Communication Ltd, against the Attorney General of the Federation, over alleged N242 billion and 1.3 billion dollars import duties and withholding tax assessments.… In "Business" By Femi Ogunshola Abuja - A Federal High Court in Abuja on Thursday adjourned until Dec 3 and Dec. 4 a N300 million damages suit filed by an Abuja-based musician, Liberty Williams,  against MTN. Justice Ijeoma Ojukwu fixed the date for hearing in the suit. In the suit filed before… In "News"