By COLLINS YAKUBU-HAMMER ABUJA- The Coalition of Democracy Monitors for Credible Elections (CDMCE) has urged the Federal Government and other stakeholders to evolve ways of tackling electoral violence and thuggery during the 2023 general elections. The National Coordinator, Malam Balarabe Rufai, made the call at a news conference on Tuesday in Abuja. Rufai said that CDMCE, a Kano-based Non-Governmental Organisation, was worried about the rising use of thugs and weapons by politicians. He said that the conduct of political party primaries in Kano had revealed that some politicians could use violence to win elections. The coordinator further stated that the level of desperation being displayed by some politicians was worrisome. ”Stakeholders need to work together to address this. The electoral process needs to be peaceful to ensure credibility.”If this is not addressed, the electoral process will witness serious challenges. This isn’t good for the nation,” he said. Rufai also urged security agencies to support the electoral process by maintaining neutrality during elections.(NAN) By ANGELA ATABO ABUJA- The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says the current democracy in Nigeria is being threatened by the predominance of money politics.The INEC Chairman,  Prof. Mahmood Yakubu,said this at a one-day colloquim on Emerging Issues that will Shape the 2023 General Elections in Nigeria organised by the… In "Politics" There is some optimism, founded or unfounded, that Nigeria will be witnessing credible elections in 2023. This air of optimism is hinged on many factors, including the recently signed Electoral Act Amendment Bill with clauses that will ensure that votes count and electronic transmission of results. Even though this amendment… In "Column - Monday" By ADEYEMI ADELEYE •INEC Officials LAGOS- The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says it does not want women to be mere aspirants in the build up to the  2023 general elections but  candidates and winners of elective positions.Prof. Kunle Ajayi, INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Outreach and Partnership Committee made… In "Politics"