By USMAN ALIYU BENIN- Retired Col. David Imuse, Chairman of the Edo chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC), says the 2023 general elections are a must win for the party in the state.Imuse said this in Benin on Saturday while commenting on the primary elections of the party in the state.“Our victory in 2023 would serve as a prelude for APC to take over the state at 2024 governorship election.“With what we are seeing now, it is obvious that 2023 for APC is a must win and of course, it is a prelude to what will happen in 2024.“APC is moving forward,’’ the chairman said.Reacting to a protest in Egor state constituency, Imuse said: “’in any election, there must be a winner and a loser.“If you lose, you take it in good faith and if you win, you must be magnanimous.“We expect winners to be magnanimous in victory and losers to behave like good party men,’’ he added.Imuse commended delegates from across the state for their peaceful conduct.“You can see APC now; you can see democracy in action. You can see the meaning of togetherness. You can see fair play.“This is what APC represents,’’ Imuse stressed. (NAN) By USMAN ALIYUBENIN- About 63 aspirants will on Thursday partake in the primary elections of the All Progressives Congress (APC) for the 24 state constituency seats at the Edo House of Assembly.Retired Col. David Imuse, the state APC Chairman, disclosed this on Wednesday in Benin while speaking with the News… In "Politics" The ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has said that the party is prepared to take over power in Enugu and other southeast states in 2023. The newly elected APC Deputy National Chairman, South, Chief Emma Eneukwu, stated this on Sunday in Enugu when the party faithful received him at the… In "News" By HABIBU HARISU •Governor Bello Matawalle Sokoto- Gov. Bello Matawalle of Zamfara has called on leaders and supporters of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the to put their house in order so that the party can retain power in 2023.Matawalle made the call during an interview with newsmen on… In "Politics"