By ISMAILA CHAFE ABUJA- King Felipe and Queen Letizia of Spain have sent condolences to President Muhammadu Buhari on the recent tragedy in Port Harcourt, Rivers. Mr Femi Adesina, the President’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, confirmed this in a statement on Tuesday in Abuja. In the message addressed to President Buhari and signed by His Majesty the King, Felipe VI, the Monarch wrote: ‘‘Mr President, upon learning of the terrible tragedy that occurred in the city of Port Harcourt, in which such a large number of people lost their lives, I wish to convey to you, on behalf of the Government and the people of Spain, our deepest condolences. ‘‘The Queen joins me in sending, through you, all our support and solidarity to the families of the deceased and best wishes for a speedy recovery for the injured. ‘‘Receive, Mr President, the testimony of my highest consideration and esteem together with an affectionate greeting for the beloved people of Nigeria.’’ The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that no fewer than 29 people were killed and others injured when a stampede broke out at a church event in Port Harcourt on Saturday.The police said most of the casualties were children.The incident took place at a local polo club, where the nearby Kings Assembly Church had organised a gift donation drive, according to Olufemi Ayodele, a spokesman for Nigeria’s Civil Defence Corps.(NAN) By ISMAILA CHAFE °President Muhammadu Buhari ABUJA- President Muhammadu Buhari will on Tuesday depart Abuja for Madrid, Spain on a State Visit at the invitation of the Spanish President, Pedro Sanchez. The president’s spokesman, Mr Femi Adesina, confirmed this in a statement in Abuja on Tuesday. According to Adesina, at… In "News" By ISMAILA CHAFE ABUJA- President Muhammadu Buhari says he is extremely saddened by the reported deaths of scores of worshippers during a stampede at a religious event in Port Harcourt, Rivers.Reacting to the incident in a statement issued by his media aide, Malam Garba Shehu, in Abuja on Saturday, the… In "News" MADRID - Soraya de Santamaria, Spain's Deputy Prime Minister, said the country has commenced three days of official mourning for the 150 victims of the Germanwings flight 4U9525 which crashed on Tuesday morning. She said on Wednesday in Madrid that the three-days mourning began at midnight on Tuesday. De Santamaria… In "Foreign"