By PETER AMINE JOS- The Speaker, Plateau State House of Assembly, Yakubu Sanda, has dedicated his victory at the All Progressives Congress (APC) primaries for Pengana Constituency to God and his constituents. Sanda, in a statement on Friday in Jos by his Press Secretary, Mr Sabastine Hommuk, said that the victory was divinely orchestrated by God. The speaker noted that the peaceful atmosphere that characterised the primary election is a demonstration of APC’s oneness as a family and their love to promote internal democracy in the party. “I want to salute the maturity and sportsmanship demonstrated by my co-contestants, which is an indication that it was indeed a family affair. “I wish to assure my constituents, party faithful and stakeholders in the constituency of an open door policy and all-inclusive representation for the unity and growth of Pengana,” he said. Sanda urged the APC members to close ranks toward ensuring that the party emerge victorious in the 2023 general election. He also commended security agencies, party members, stakeholders and the electoral officials for the smooth conduct of the primaries.  (NAN) By ADEOTI OKUNLOLA, OLAYINKA OLAWALE/OKU OFFIONG Mr Desmond Elliot LAGOS- Mr Desmond Elliot, representing Surulere Constituency I in  Lagos State House of Assembly, has won the All Progressives Congress (APC) ticket  for a third term. The primary election took place on Friday at Akerele Primary Health Centre, Surulere, amid tight… In "Politics" By KAZEEM AKANDE •Mr Mudashiru Obasa LAGOS- The Speaker, Lagos State House of Assembly, Mr Mudashiru Obasa, has secured the All Progressives Congress (APC) ticket to run for the sixth term in the 2023 Lagos State House of Assembly Election.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Obasa, representing Agege State Constituency 01,… In "Politics" By AKEEM ABAS •Alhaji Idris Abiola Ajimobi IBADAN- Alhaji Idris Abiola-Ajimobi, son of late former Gov. Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo, has emerged the All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate for Ibadan South-West II State Constituency.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the late former governor’s son emerged the consensus candidate… In "Politics"