By ISMAILA CHAFE ABUJA- President Muhammadu Buhari has charged Governors of the All Progressives Congress to ensure that the forthcoming convention to pick a presidential candidate reflects all the values and virtues of the party. Mr Femi Adesina, the President’s spokesman, in a statement on Tuesday, said the president gave the charge at a meeting with 22 Governors elected on the platform of the APC and the National Chairman of the party, Sen. Abdullahi Adamu, at the State House, Abuja. He said: ”The processes for the 2023 General Elections have commenced in earnest and I note that the most successful political parties globally have always relied on their internal cohesion and a strong leadership brand to achieve bigger electoral fortunes. ”Our party, the APC, shall not be any different, more so as we are still implementing the blueprint for a more prosperous nation. “As I begin the final year of my second term as President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria and leader of the party, I recognize the compelling need for me to provide stronger leadership to the party under this transition process and to ensure that it happens in an orderly manner. “Such leadership is required so that the party remains strong and united. ”It is also needed to improve our electoral fortunes by ensuring that it retains power at the center, hold the great majority in various legislative chambers and also gain additional number of states. “In a few days, the party will be holding its Convention during which primaries would take place to pick the Presidential Flag Bearer for the 2023 General Elections. ”This is a very significant process and its outcome should prove to the world, the positive quality of the APC regarding democratic principles, culture as well as leadership.” The president appealed to all the governors “to allow our interests to converge, our focus to remain on the changing dynamics of our environment, the expectations of our citizens and the global community. ”Our objective must be the victory of our party and our choice of candidate must be someone who would give the Nigerian masses a sense of victory and confidence even before the elections.” Buhari assured that the consultation process would continue, to ensure that all aspirants and stakeholders would be brought on board right through to the convention. According to him, this will also ensure that any anxiety occasioned by different factors are effectively brought under control, and that the party (APC) emerges stronger. Speaking on behalf of the States’ helmsmen, Gov. Atiku Bagudu of Kebbi State, and Chairman of Progressive Governors Forum said the party must build on successes of its recent elective convention, and the primaries conducted so far. Hsaid the party must come up with a candidate who would walk in the footsteps of patriotism and love for the country, which the President had shown. “We will support Mr President to have a very successful convention,” he pledged. (NAN) By ISMAILA CHAFE President Muhammadu Buhari ABUJA- President Muhammadu Buhari has met behind closed door with members of the Progressives Governors Forum (PGF), at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, on Tuesday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Sen. Abdullahi Adamu,… In "Politics" By ISMAILA CHAFE •President. Muhammadu Buhari Abuja- President Muhammadu Buhari in the course of this week advised those planning to rig the 2023 general elections to perish the thought or regret their decisions.He vowed to use every legitimate means to protect the votes of Nigerians.The president gave the advice at… In "Politics" •President Muhammadu Buhari ‘’It’s not my problem.’’ – This was President Muhammadu Buhari’s immutable response to a question on his thoughts on the 2023 elections. Buhari has been coerced and blandished to assert himself like former President Olusegun Obasanjo who assumed the de facto office of godfather and technically installing… In "Opinion"