By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has congratulated the former Vice President, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, on his nomination as the Presidential Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP), at the just concluded party primary held in Abuja. Ortom’s congratulatory message was contained in a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Nathaniel Ikyur made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja. He said, “In John 3.27, the Bible says “A man can receive nothing except it’s given to him from above.” So, for the benefit of all Nigerians for whom we strive to make society better,  let us now come together under the leadership of the party and be focused to dislodge the APC who have  destroyed the very essence of our nationhood, by winning the 2023 general election to restore the dignity of Nigerians both at home and in the Diaspora.” He went on: “Let me on behalf of myself, the government and people of Benue State heartily congratulate His Excellency, Atiku Abubakar, the former Vice President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria on his nomination as the Presidential Candidate of our great Party, the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, for the 2023 general elections. “I believe that with your experience and goodwill across all facets of this nation, your election as the standard bearer of the PDP is a clear indication that our party has begun the historic journey back to power in 2023.” “I’m confident that you will put forward your election to restore security in every nook and cranny of the country, revive our collapsed economy, and bring back Nigeria’s dignity where the sanctity of human lives of all Nigerian citizens will be respected. This will also make the social life of every Nigerian much more meaningful as you will rescue Nigeria from bottom to top.” Governor Ortom who said “the presidential nomination exercise was credible and transparent,” also commended all the other presidential aspirants, especially Governor Nyesom Wike for “exhibiting courage, patriotism and extraordinary spirit of sportsmanship which they displayed throughout their campaigns across the country leading to the National Convention.” He then stressed the need for all patriotic members of the party to unite and ensure the success of the party in all forthcoming elections because the unity and supremacy of our party must be respected.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -. Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has said that he has no reason to resign as the chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Zoning Committee ahead of the 2023 general elections. He has maintained his resolve to complete the assignment without blemish saying,… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has again expressed optimism that Nigerians would prefer to vote-in a candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP) as the country's next president in 2023. The Governor spoke Thursday, May 19th, 2022 when he received the Governor of… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The attention of the Governor of Benue state, Samuel Ortom has been drawn to a widely circulated statement by the Benue Rebirth Movement, BRM wherein they claimed that the Governor hates the Idoma people and would not want them to be elected into… In "Politics"