By BOSEDE OLUFUNMI KANO- An 11-man committee has been set up to investigate alleged killings at the May 26 governorship primary election of the Kano State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC). The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) and the Kano Civil Society Forum (KCSF) jointly set up the committee KCSF president, Amb. Ibrahim Waiya, told newsmen in Kano on Tuesday that the alleged killings were scary and unfortunate. “We received a number of complaints that three persons were gruesomely murdered on the day of the election. “The NHRC and the KCSF believe in the sanctity of life and feel greatly uncomfortable having recognised the consequences of such actions to peace in Kano State,’’ Waiya said. He added that Kano State’s residents would be sensitised on the dangers of political violence to nip the continuation of the dastard act in the bud before the 2023 general elections. He said that the committee with membership drawn from the two organisations would submit its report in three weeks. Waiya enjoined members of the public to remain calm and not to take the laws into their hands assuring that the allegations would be thoroughly investigated. In his remarks, NHRC coordinator in the state, Alhaji Shehu Abdullahi, said the committee would expedite action on its assignment. Abdullahi urged youths to desist from taking intoxicants and creating disunity in the state. (NAN) By MUHAMMAD NUR TIJANI KANO- Kano State Deputy Governor, Nasiru Gawuna has emerged governorship candidate of the All Progress Congress (APC) for 2023 general election in the state.Gawuna polled 2,289 votes to defeat his only opponent, Sha’aban Sharada, a member representing Kano Municipal Federal Constituency, who scored 30 votes.The Returning… In "Politics" By MUHAMMAD NUR TIJANI Kano- Former Governor of Lagos State, Bola Tinubu, on Thursday night visited Kano State to seek the support of delegates ahead of the presidential primary of the All People’s Congress (APC).Tinubu met with APC leaders and delegates at the Coronation Hall, Government House, Kano.The News Agency… In "Politics" By MUHAMMAD NUR TIJANI Kano- Sen Ibrahim Shekarau (APC -Kano)  has defected to the New Nigeria Peoples  Party (NNPP). Shekarau said this at a  news conference  in Kano. He said that he defected alongside his supporters, saying that he would seek re-election to the Senate on the NNPC platform. Shekarau… In "Politics"