Abuja – The Niger State Youth Wing of Christian Association of Nigeria has threatened to vote against any political party that fields a Muslim/Muslim ticket in the forthcoming general election. The chairman of the YOWICAN, Loyin Emmanuel, who made this known during a press conference in Minna on Saturday, said the fielding of a Muslim/Muslim candidates was becoming rampant. He noted that the recurrence has shown the Christian community that they were not being considered as partners in progress in the state. Emmanuel also stated that a state that has fifty percent of its residents as Christians should have a Christian as a deputy governor. The president also called for more political appointments other than the meagre number always given to the Christian community. He said “We are calling on all political parties in Niger state to as a matter of necessity field Christian candidates as either substantive or deputy positions and reasonable appointive offices. “As equal stakeholders in Niger state who are concerned about the development of the state, we are ready to mobilise Christians not to support and vote massively for any political platform that will not recognize them as equal stakeholders by presenting the same faith ticket for the forthcoming general elections. “Since the return of democracy, there has been a religious biased root amongst the political class that has sidelined Christians from Governance and administration of the state. This we believe has led to the gradual reduction of the government’s impact in the state.” Emmanuel further stated that any political party that presents a Christian as its deputy governor would get the bulk of Christian votes in the state, adding that it has gotten to a point where this decision has to be taken. “We, therefore, bring to the notice of all the political parties in Niger state and the well meaning stakeholders to ensure a fair spread of political participation with Christians across Niger state as opposed to the demand of major political parties at the moment. “We are convinced that whichever party gets the bulk of Christian votes will without a doubt carry the day. What we are demanding is not new in our country where we practice the quota system,” Emmanuel said. Punch ....Govt has not contacted us, I went to fetch the corpse myself, father laments Abuja - The Christian Association of Nigeria on Sunday said it would explore all avenues to get justice for Deborah Samuel, a 200 level student of Shehu Shagari College of Education, Sokoto, who was lynched last… In "Top Stories" THE two most disadvantaged groups in Nigeria’s representational politics are northern Christians and Southern Muslims. In Nigeria’s internal geopolitics, these two groups are structurally invisible, politically subjugated, and told to be content with their political and symbolic marginality. Bola Ahmed Tinubu, a Muslim from Osun/Lagos states, and Yakubu Dogara, a… In "Opinion" Tragic... Burning of Miss Deborah Yakubu, 200 level home economics student of Shehu Shagari College of Education, Sokoto, on Thursday By EMMANUEL OGEBE It is highly traumatising indeed for all of us who have seen this replay ad nauseam to learn of the brutal lynching and burning of Deborah Emmanuel,… In "News"