By Emma Ogbuehi It is no longer news that the former Anambra State Governor, Peter Obi, has dumped the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). But the question many are asking is why? The first doubt to be cleared is that while it is true that Obi has announced his withdrawal from the presidential race on the PDP platform, his presidential ambition is alive and kicking. Obi will announce the new political platform on which he will pursue his ambition any time from now. TheNiche reliably gathered that Obi resigned from the PDP because unlike before now where an aspirant who fails to clinch the ticket of a political party at the primaries could easily switch over to another political party, the Electoral Act 2022 makes anyone who contests a primary election ineligible to switch over to another political party for the same purpose. A source who is privy to the behind-the-scenes conversations told TheNiche: “The discussions started when it became apparent that the PDP was not prepared to zone the presidential ticket to the South.” As if that is not bad enough, it is also speculated that the PDP governors are insisting that one of their own must be on the presidential ticket. “So, in the event that Atiku, for instance, picks the ticket, the idea is that he will pick either Rivers State governor, Nyesom Wike, or Emmanuel Udom of Akwa Ibom, as the running mate. That will leave the Southeast high and dry. PDP simply does not mean well for the region. “They seem to have tacitly agreed that it will go to the North for whatever reason. “That is very sad but that is where we have found ourselves. Meanwhile, Peter Obi has the momentum. But if he does not get the party ticket, that will be the end of the story. “So, let him get a party ticket and let Nigerians decide. It will be a revolution. You watch and see. The Electoral Act 2022 said any such switch must be made at least four days before the primaries. That is why he resigned from his Agulu Ward 2 on Friday, May 20. Let Nigerians make the choice because this election will be consequential.” Another source said the decision has rattled the camp of former Vice President Atiku Abubakar who tried talking him out of the move without success. Director General of the Peter Obi Presidential Campaign Organisation, Dr. Doyin Okupe, who made Obi’s resignation from PDP public after submitting a copy of his resignation letter to the PDP National Secretariat, Abuja, on Wednesday, noted that the aspirant took the decision following recent happenings within the party. Obi had in the letter titled: “Resignation From Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and Withdrawal from the Presidential Contest,” which he addressed to the PDP National Chairman, Sen. Iyiochia Ayu, dated May 24, 2022, said he had already notified the party Chairman at the ward level. He wrote, “I am writing to intimate you of my resignation from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), which was conveyed to the Chairman of Agulu Ward 2, Anaocha LGA, Anambra, effective Friday 20 May, 2022. Consequently, I am by this letter informing you of my withdrawal from the PDP Presidential Primaries. “It has been a great honour to contribute to nation-building efforts through our party. Unfortunately, recent developments within our party make it practically impossible to continue participating and making such constructive contributions. “Our national challenges are deep-seated and require that we each make profound sacrifices towards rescuing our country. My commitment to rescuing Nigeria remains firm, even if the route differs. “I wish to thank you personally for your graciousness and leadership. I wish you well and best of luck in the service of country.“ (TheNiche) •Peter Obi, PDP presidential aspirant By SILAS NWOHA ABUJA - A presidential aspirant on the platform of the PDP, Mr Peter Obi, has released his bio-data, showcasing a copious profile that casts him as standing tall among PDP presidential aspirants. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the upcoming… In "Politics" •Peter Obi By ABIODUN LAWAL ABEOKUTA - Peter Obi, a Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) presidential aspirant in the 2023 general elections, on Monday, urged Nigerians to look at his record as Governor of Anambra State for eight years and vote for people with competence and intellectual capacity. Obi stated this… In "Politics" Peter Obi (left) and Doyin Okupe ABUJA - Barely one to the conduct of the presidential primaries of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), supporters of a leading aspirant, Peter Obi, have raised the alarm over plans to force him to step down. Doing Okupe, one of Obi’s top campaign managers,… In "Top Stories"