LAFIA – Gunmen have killed a retired Nigerian Air Force officer and former Commissioner of the National Population Commission (NPC), Mr. Zakari Umaru-Kigbu, in Nasarawa State. They also abducted two of his daughters. It was learnt that the incident occurred in the late hours of Saturday at Umar-Kigbu’s residence in Azuba Bashayi, Lafia Local Government Area of Nasarawa State. It was gathered that the kidnappers have also demanded N50 million ransom for the release of the victims. A family member, who didn’t want his name in print confirmed the incident on Sunday morning in Lafia, the Nasarawa State capital. He said, “Mr. Umaru-Kigbu was killed by gunmen last night in his residence at Azuba Bashayi, Lafia Local Government Area of Nasarawa State and two of his daughters were also kidnapped.” The diseased, aged 60, was a retired Air Force officer. He served as Labaran Maku’s agent In the just concluded Nasarawa Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) primaries before Maku’s eventual withdrawal from the governorship race.It was learnt that untill his murder, he was a lecturer at the Department of Mass Communication, lsa Mustapha Agwai Polytechnic, Lafia (IMAP), and former NPC federal commissioner, covering Nasarawa State. Confirming the incident to our correspondent on the telephone, the Police Public Relations Officer, ASP Ramhan Nansel, said the command got a distress call at 12.20am on Sunday. According to him, investigation is ongoing to ascertain the circumstances surrounding the incident. Nansel also confirmed that two of the diseased’s daughters were Kidnapped by the gunmen. He said, “We responded to the distress call and immediately deployed our partrol teams of the command and the military also drafted its men to the scene of the incident to support the Nigeria Police Force so as to rescue the two daughters of the diseased unhurt.”According to him, Umaru-Kigbu was rushed to Dalhatu Raf Specialist Hospital (DASH), Lafia, where he gave up the ghost. “The command has lunched a manhunt for the perpetrators,” he added. The PPRO said the command was not aware of the N50 million ransom demanded by the kidnappers. (Daily Trust and AIT) By SUNDAY JOHNLAFIA- Gunmen on Sunday,  killed Mr Zakari Kigbu, a  former Federal Commissioner of National Population Commission (NPC) at his residence in Azuba community near Lafia, Nasarawa State capital.ACP Ramhan Nansel, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Nasarawa State Command, confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria… In "News" There was confusion between Friday and Sunday in Ayobo Housing Scheme Extension, Oshin area of Ayobo-Ipaja in Lagos State, as some gunmen invaded the area, allegedly kidnapped three persons and killed two others. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that some yet-to-be- identified gunmen on Friday allegedly kidnapped two… In "News" By Mohammed Baba Busu Lafia - Alhaji Jibrin Giza, the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Works in Nasarawa State, was abducted by unidentified gunmen in the early hours of Sunday. The state Commissioner of Police, Mr Bola Longe, confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lafia. Longe… In "News"