By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Delegates from the seven local government areas that make up Benue North West senatorial zone have endorsed Governor Samuel Ortom as candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP in next year’s general election. The Governor was in March this year  endorsed as the sole PDP senatorial candidate by the stakeholders from the zone to contest the Senate seat. The Chief Press Secretary to Benue state Governor, Nathaniel Ikyur disclosed this in a statement sent to Sundiata Post on Monday in Abuja. Speaking to journalists shortly after he was declared winner by the returning officer for the election at the Benue Peoples House, Makurdi, Governor Ortom expressed appreciation to the people of the zone for always standing with him. He said he was pleased to be given another opportunity to serve the state at the Senate at the expiration of his tenure as governor. According to the Governor, the people of State, especially the people of Benue North-West, have demonstrated an  uncommon support to him, pointing out that “i have nothing to pay back than to remain their loyal servant, to give all to their service, ” Governor Ortom stated. The Governor also pledged his commitment to continue doing his best in service to the people of the State, saying “The interest of the people will always be my priority.” He commended the successes recorded in the conduct of the party’s primary elections into the State Assembly and House of Representatives, stressing that this was the result of the series of meetings and consultations that were held to guarantee the success of the primaries. While commending the electoral panels for carrying out a diligent exercise, he noted that no aspirant who lost out protested  because the exercise was free and transparent.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has charged his appointees to actively participate in the forthcoming Local Government election and the PDP Ward Congresses. The council elections and the ward Congresses have been slated to take place simultaneously on Saturday, April 30th, 2022, the… In "Top Stories" "If we (PDP) go in a hurry and nominate someone from Zone C (Benue South), and our opponent (APC) does not do same in Tiv land, it means that the PDP will lose the (governorship) election completely, even with the overwhelming support that we have today in PDP. That is… In "Politics" Abuja - No fewer than 30 senators may not make it back to the parliament in 2023 when the 10th National Assembly would be inaugurated.  While some are pursuing other aspirations, paving the way for other aspirants to take over their seats in the Red Chamber, the re-election bids of… In "Top Stories"