By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Senate Minority Leader   Enyinnaya Abaribe has withdrawn from the governorship race under the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Abaribe announced his withdrawal in a statement, cited the use of only  imaginary  ad hoc delegates to the exclusion of the party’s statutory delegates  as reason for not taking part in the election. Also the Deputy Governor of the state, Chief Ude oko-chukwu described the delegate list  as a scam, skewed to actualise a predetermined objective. Professor Uche Ikonne  won the party’s primary in the state.He polled a total number of 468 to defeat Chief Lucky Igbokwe who came a distance second with 45 votes, while Mrs Ezenwanyi Jonah got five votesThe former National Vice-Chairman of the party (South-South) and Chairman, Electoral Committee, Emmanuel Ogidi confirmed the withdrawal of four Lagos State aspirants to newsmen at the venue of the event on Wednesday.According to Ogidi, four aspirants, who backed down from the race in the interest of party stability and they included Jim Kamal, Adedeji Doherty, Rhodes Gbadebo, and Ade Dosumu.Olajide Adediran emerged the winner of the primary. Of the 709 accredited delegates, Adediran got 679 votes as against a paltry 20 votes garnered by his opponent, David Kolawole-Vaughan; while 10 votes were void. .... As protests mar governorship primaries By Chibuike Nwabuko ABUJA - Former Governor of Anambra State and presidential hopeful, Peter Obi, has dropped out of the presidential race of the PDP amid talks with the Rabiu-Kwankwaso-led New Nigeria Peoples Party, the Labour Party and the Social Democratic Party, This is… In "Top Stories" By IHECHINYERE CHIGEMERI-UWOM •Professor Uche Ikonne UMUAHIA- Former Vice Chancellor of the Abia State University, Uturu, Prof. Uche Ikonne, has emerged the governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the 2023 general elections.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Ikonne was elected at the party’s primary election… In "Politics" Abuja - No fewer than 30 senators may not make it back to the parliament in 2023 when the 10th National Assembly would be inaugurated.  While some are pursuing other aspirations, paving the way for other aspirants to take over their seats in the Red Chamber, the re-election bids of… In "Top Stories"