By ADEYEMI ADELEYE LAGOS- Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State has clinched the APC ticket to run for second term in the 2023 governorship election in the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Sanwo-Olu,  a  sole aspirant at the primaries held on Thursday at Mobolaji Johnson Arena, Onikan, was endorsed via voting   by delegates at the  conference. Announcing the result of the election, the Chairman of the APC Electoral Committee/Returning Officer, Alhaji Adamu Yuguda said Sanwo-Olu scored 1,170 votes to emerge  winner of the primaries. He said 1,225 ad hoc delegates were expected at the special state congress to choose the party’s governorship candidate  for the 2023 election while 1, 198 delegates were accredited across the 20 Local Government Areas of the state. Yuguda said: “For those who have been murmuring , we have three aspirants that purchased forms in Abuja. Three of them went for screening, one was cleared and two were disqualified. “The total number of voters are 1, 225; total number of accredited votes – 1,198; the total votes cast – 1,182, the total number of valid votes -1,170 while the invalid votes are 12. “So, the candidate with the highest number of votes is Gov. Babajide Olusola Sanwo-Olu who scored 1,170 votes. “I, Alhaji Adamu Shettima Yuguda, the Chairman, governorship primary committee in the 2023 APC primary in Lagos state, hereby declare  Babajide Olusola Sanwo-Olu the winner, haven  scored the highest number of votes.” Earlier, Yuguda revealed that only Sanwo-Olu was cleared to participate in Thursday’s special state congress by the party’s screening committee and the appeal committee. NAN reports that the other two aspirants for the topmost seat that were not cleared according to Yuguda, were a former commissioner, Mr Wale Oluwo, and a former permanent secretary, Abdul-Ahmed Mustapha. In his acceptance speech, Sanwo-Olu appreciated the electoral committee, supporting staff and all delegates for finding him worthy to be the party’s flag bearer. The governor applauded the Lagos State Executive  of the APC -led by Pastor Cornelius Ojelabi, all cabinet members, party faithful and observers for their efforts and support. “Our delegates have defied the rain. They have spoken and they have spoken well. “This is affirmation that you want us to continue and we will not disappoint you. “In all facet, Lagos residents should expect a lot more from us. We will not  disappoint or betray the confidence reposed in us. “I want to say that indeed, this is the beginning of bigger work that we have for Lagos,” Sanwo-Olu said. The event was conducted under heavy security presence and the watch of officials of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). (NAN) By ADEYEMI ADELEYE LAGOS- The Electoral Committee for APC Governorship Primaries in Lagos State has revealed that only Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu was cleared to participate.The APC special state congress to select the party’s   candidate for the 2023 governorship election held on Thursday.Alhaji Adamu Yuguda,  Chairman of the five-man electoral committee,… In "Politics" By ADEYEMI ADELEYE LAGOS- Voting  begun late at  the APC Governorship Primaries in Lagos State amidst tight security, and watch of officials of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC).The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that voting commenced at 2:00 p.m. after completion of the accreditation of ad hoc delegates.The… In "Politics" By FLORENCE ONUEGBU •Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State, during his submission of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Governorship Nomination & Expression of Interest forms at International Conference Centre, Abuja, On Tuesday, May 10, 2022 •R-L: All Progressives Congress (APC), National Legal Adviser, Barr. Ahmad El-Marzuq; APC National Organising Secretary,… In "Politics"