As of 2004, sports betting is legal in Nigeria, and anyone who wants to bet can do so online. Here you have the opportunity to wager on sports events online, and to try to guess the outcome of different matches. Online sports betting is a type of gambling that has boomed in Nigeria and in many other African countries. This is not only due to the lift of the ban 18 years ago, but also because it offers fun and exciting entertainment. Starting to bet Today gambling is worth around $2 billion in Nigeria alone, and betting sites are seeing the country as a huge market. There are many betting sites out there that you can use, and more are being created. This is an answer to the increase in popularity and the high demand for betting sites. You can even look online for tips and tricks to bet, which can be smart if you are new to this form of gambling. Football rules and NFL picks are some of the things you can check out to be ready for betting on the season. When choosing a betting site, there are some things you want to look for. Let’s check out some of them. Safety The first thing to look for in a good online betting platform is if it is safe or not. Safety is key when you are gambling, as you spend a great deal of time here, and because you input sensitive information. First of all, you should check out what license they hold, and read the terms and conditions. Then you can look at the different payment options, and what others have to say about the site. Sports Next on the list are the sports, which obviously are important. You should make sure that the betting site you choose is offering the sports you are interested in betting on. If it is football or the NFL you are looking to bet on, this should not be a problem as they are popular sports and leagues. However, if you want to bet on less traditional sports, you should run a check before you sign up. Usability Last on the list is usability, which is another important thing to look for in an online sports betting site. It should be both quick and easy for you to sign up to a betting site, and you should be able to place wagers without any problems. This will make your betting experience much more enjoyable. Online gambling is becoming increasingly popular among many across the globe. More people are gambling either by wagering on big sports events or playing online casino games for fun. The increase in interest and players has led to a lot of competition in the market, and gambling sites are finding… In "Business" Abuja - Many Nigerian football supporters and enthusiasts have greeted the new football season in major European countries with excitement and anticipation. In the next eight months, football crazy Nigerians will have the opportunity to watch their favourite clubs challenge for honours in England, Spain, Germany, Italy, France and other… In "News" If you have always been looking for the perfect sports betting app on the iOS or Google Play Store and always wondered why there wasn't any - don't worry. Betway has just launched the Betway online sports betting naija App, or more popularly known as theNaija app. The app offers… In "Sports"