By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -You Would Take a glance and See What goes on in the Music World Currently. Alongside the great artists and bands you do see at a showcase festival/Tour like Music Experience Tour, you often come back with an even longer list of acts other people have enthused about during your time there. American Nigerian Disc Jockey, Song writer and Entertainer DJ Kelblizz, turned in three shows, none of which I was able to see, but word quickly got around about them. Miracle Sabastine Aggrey best Known as DJ Kelblizz is a Nigerian Disc Jockey, Record Producer, and music publisher Having been on Tour in the United States and different African countries, DJ Kelblizz Brings to the audience on his experience. We all know that the DJs are the Engine power house of the music entertainment industry , few years back accolades where giving to only Singers and Songwriters for good sounds and Trending Music, But now djs have also been giving equal room, as they promote artist by air playing their songs and engaging more audience to love their songs. Notable Djs such as DJ Khalid, The Chainsmokers, DJ Spinall,David Guetta, Martins Garrix , Alan Walker, DJ Neptune and more has also been on the to go to deliver us with the best sounds and collaborations ,Good music, Good credits to their songs. Five Things a Good Music Needs to become the next Hit DJs Deserve Awards more . Quality Production and Promotion of good music it’s what makes it the next big hit. By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja(Sundiata Post) - DJ Kelblizz says that Achieving your goals isn’t just about talent or luck, it’s about having the right mindset and system you can follow to achieve consistent success.Miracle Sabastine Aggrey Best Known as DJ Kelblizz, is a Nigerian  Disc Jockey, Record Producer, music Publisher, Writer and a… In "Entertainment" Chinonso Kelvin Nonyelu, better known by is stage name Djfreshyk, is a US-based Nigerian disc Jockey currently making waves across the entertainment industry. The turntablist has announced himself as a global star, rocking the MIC at major concerts and opening for popular African Artists such as: Jidenna, Flavour, Olamide, Davido,… In "Entertainment" DJ Lambo’s is a well known name in Nigerian music industry, her tracks are played at parties all over the country. This woman has successfully written her name in the history of Nigerian DJ industry and is still going strong. Who is DJ Lambo, how did she reach recognition, and… In "Entertainment"