By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Ahead of the PDP Governorship primary elections this week, Governor Samuel Ortom has said that the leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP in the state is committed to leading the party to victory at the general elections next year. The Governor gave the assurance Tuesday, May 24th, 2022 when stakeholders from Vandeikya Local Government area visited to thank him on behalf of other leaders of the party for zoning the Governorship seat to the local Government. The Chief Press Secretary to Benue state Governor, Nathaniel Ikyur disclosed this in a statement made available to Sundiata Post. The Governor stated that the zoning of the seat to Jerchira and Vandeikya was a collective decision of all party leaders from the 14 Tiv speaking local governments after series of meetings and consultations. He said due to the transparent manner with which the zoning was carried out and the emergence of Engineer Titus Uba as consensus candidate, majority of party members were happy and willing to work with the choice of the party. Governor Ortom however noted that all the aspirants, particularly those who purchased nomination forms and went through the screening process were free to participate in the primary elections, which he assured would be transparent. The Governor expressed appreciation to the Kunav people for selecting Engineer Titus Uba from the other equally qualified aspirants, stressing that the Speaker has the humility, sound educational background and political experience to excel as a Governor. He appealed to the people, both the Tiv, Idoma, Igede and other tribes not to be divided as a result of the governorship contest but continue to work together in unity for the progress and development of the state. Earlier, Leader of the delegation, Elder David Amo said the visit was to thank Governor Ortom for the efforts he made with the other leaders of PDP to zone the Governorship seat to Vandeikya Local Government and prayed that God will repay him with higher positions. Two of the Governorship aspirants, Architect Joe Ikyaagha and Pharmacist Peter Chieshe who spoke on behalf of the other aspirants pledged their loyalty to the State Governor and the PDP, saying the choice of Engineer Uba was the decision of stakeholders, which they have to accept and work for its success. They assured that apart from mobilizing support for Engineer Uba to win the Governorship ticket, they will avail him with their blueprints for him to merge it with what he has to ensure that Benue State keeps moving forward. Former governorship aspirants who were present at the meeting included Arc Joe Ikyaagba, Dr Boniface Jibo, Susan Waya, Pharmacist Peter Chieshe and Dr Dominic Akaahan.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Critical stakeholders from the Kwande intermediate area have dissociated themselves from the decision of the former Chief of Staff to the Benue State Governor, Hon. Terwase Orbunde to leave the PDP and join APC. The former Chief of Staff was one among the… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Internal harmony in Benue State Chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) continues to blossom, following successes with ongoing zoning of the party's tickets for the Governorship and other elective positions, ahead of the 2023 general elections. The party in the Tiv speaking… In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Benue State Chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has debunked speculations that the party in the state is engulfed in crisis following the recent zoning of the Governorship ticket of the party to a section of the state going into the… In "Top Stories"