ABUJA – Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, national leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, and frontline presidential aspirant,  has congratulated former Vice President Atiku Abubakar for emerging as the flag bearer of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, following the primary conducted at the Moshood Abiola Stadium in Abuja on Saturday. According to Mr. Bayo Onanuga, Director, Media and Communication, Tinubu Campaign Organisation, the APC national leader commended Atiku for his patriotism and commitment to Nigeria’s progress. Tinubu also congratulated the other contestants for the orderly and peaceful way they conducted themselves and for pledging to rally round the winner, in the true spirit of democratic sportsmanship. Tinubu said expected the former Vice-president, who was also the 2019 presidential candidate of the PDP,  to be his  worthy opponent, by the Grace of God and the support of APC delegates, in the coming 2023 presidential election. The APC national leader said  Atiku’s victory didn’t come as a surprise to Nigerians because of his vast experience as a statesman and veteran of many presidential contests from 1993. While welcoming the PDP candidate to the race, Tinubu added that the coming election should be about issues that would improve the quality of life of Nigerians; bring peace, progress, political stability and solve myriad of sociopolitical challenges and insecurity currently facing the country. “I welcome the victory of Alhaji Atiku Abubakar as the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in the just concluded primary. I look forward to squaring up with him as a worthy opponent in the coming election. I have known the former Vice President as a formidable politician and a patriot who believes in the unity and progress of our dear country. “As we move further into the election season, I charge the PDP presidential candidate and all political actors across party lines that we should make this election season one that is devoid of bitterness, rancour and strife. “We should make our campaigns peaceful and issue based. Election season should be a festival of ideas that will uplift our country and improve the living condition of all our people. “Unfortunately for the PDP, its candidate will be  burdened to explain why Nigerians should give it another opportunity, after squandering 16 years at the central government, without much to show. “Nigerians are yet to forget the national ruin and mismanagement of our country for 16 years by successive PDP administration and this bad memory will dog the campaign of the PDP Candidate. “Nevertheless, I once again congratulate our former Vice President for his victory in his party’s primary.” •Alhaji Atiku Abubakar (left) and Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu WHILE the forecast for the 2023 elections is still clouded by uncertainties, a few things are coming out in bold relief. One of them is that neither the All Progressives Congress (APC) nor the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) would be the… In "Opinion" •President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice President Yemi Osinbajo ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari’s body language as to his preferred candidate for the presidential ticket of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has unsettled aspirants including Vice President Yemi Osinbajo; national leader of the party, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu; Minister of Transportation, Rotimi… In "Politics" Dr. Kayode Fayemi The political trajectory of Nigeria in the next four years will be initialised this Saturday – as the two leading political parties (the APC and the PDP) select candidates for the 2023 presidential election. The fate our nation rests in the whimsical repository of a few deciders.… In "Opinion"