By SAM ODITA UMUAHIA- Police in Abia say the Prelate, Methodist Church Nigeria, His Eminence Samuel Uche, who was kidnapped on Sunday alongside three others, has been released. Police spokesman, SP Godfrey Ogbonna, confirmed the release of the clergymen in Umuahia on Monday. The assailants kidnapped Uche alongside the Methodist Bishop of Owerri, Rt. Rev. Dennis Mark, the prelate’s chaplain and the driver at the Okigwe/Isuochi axis on the Enugu-Port Harcourt Expressway. The clergymen were heading to Owerri Airport en-route Lagos after a Sunday service, when they were attacked and taken away. The assailants had contacted relations of the victims, demanding a N100 million ransom. It was not clear whether the ransom was paid or not before they were set free. SP Ogbonna declined further comments on the development, but said: “all I can confirm to you now is that they have all been released.’’ Also, the Presbyter of Wesley Cathedral, Umuahia, Very Rev. Aaron Akabuokwu, confirmed the cheering news to newsmen. “It is true that the evil men that laid their hands on the men of God have set them free to the glory of God. “Information reaching us is that the prelate, along with other victims, has been released. “I don’t have details for now on where and how they were released by the kidnappers,’’ he said. (NAN) By LEONARD OKACHIEUMUAHIA- The abductors of His Eminence, Samuel Kanu-Uche, the Prelate of the Methodist Church, Nigeria and two other priests from the church have demanded a sum N100 million as ransom.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Prelate, the Bishop of Owerri, Rt. Rev. Dennis Mark and… In "News" By IKENNA UWADILEKE •Senator Orji Uzor Kalu ABUJA- The Chief Whip of the Senate, Sen. Orji Kalu has condemned  abduction of the Prelate of the Methodist Church Nigeria, His Eminence, Samuel Kanu.Kalu, in a statement issued on Monday in Abuja, described the incident as devastating and evil.The Prelate alongside the… In "News" By Olajide Idowu   Osogbo   -    The Methodist priest and two others, that were abducted along Iwo-Ibadan road on Sunday, by suspected bandits, were released on Thursday, according to report from the Methodist church, Osogbo. According to the report from the church, the kidnapped persons, who are members of the… In "News"