By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) National Convention Organizing Committee (NCOC), Senator David Mark has assured that arrangements have been made for a hitch free exercise on Saturday (28/5/22). This was contained in a statement signed by his Media Adviser, Paul Mumeh made available to Sundiata Post. According to the statement, addressing members of the committee of the Convention in Abuja ahead of the programme, Senator Mark assured that the exercise will be smooth and transparent. He told members of the committee to brace up to the challenges to ensure a credible exercise, saying “you must be absolutely transparent. “If you have any interest or bias for any of the aspirants, you can excuse yourself from this assignment.” Senator Mark maintained that the stage is set for a hitch-free programme as all logistics, materials and security have been sorted out. He added :“we are prepared for the exercise, virtually all our delegates have arrived Abuja”. He said the PDP has a track record of conducting peaceful congresses and conventions over the years assuring that the outcome of this convention will make the party stronger. According to Mark, “the PDP has an array of eminently qualified persons to rule Nigeria. We carried out due diligence during our screening. I am confident that who ever emerges from the convention will reflect the wishes of our party “.Senator Mark and his committee members also inspected the facilities at the Velodrome , Moshood Abiola stadium , Abuja , venue of the convention. The Party is expected to elect its presidential flag bearer for the 2023 presidential election on Saturday.   ... Party permits Amaechi, Ngige, others to vote despite Electoral Act.. .. Malami, others to monitor compliance Govs’ disagreement delays unity list.. ... PDP asks court to declare APC convention illegal, seeks party’s de-registration Abuja - Some aspirants vying for various positions in the All Progressives Congress, including those seeking… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate on Wednesday held a valedictory session to mark the exit of three members of the upper chamber.  The members include the new Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Abdullahi Adamu, the Deputy National Chairman (North), Abubakar Kyari, and Deputy… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The crisis that engulfed the Edo State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has been finally resolved.  Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom who is also the Chairman of the committee set up by the National Executive Committee, NEC of PDP disclosed this… In "Top Stories"