By ADEYEMI ADELEYE LAGOS- Security operatives on Wednesday,  mounted heavy presence at  the venue of the special state congress of the PDP to select its governorship candidate  in Lagos State. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) report that the special congress is holding  at the Haven Ground by Archbishop Vining Memorial Church Cathedral, Ikeja GRA. The  security personnel were  strategically positioned at various entrances  around the premises of the venue. Several patrol vehicles and Armoured Personnel Carrier were also stationed at the access roads leading to the venue. Some of the security agencies at the venue were the Nigeria Police, Department of State Security (DSS), Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), Police Bomb Squad, Private Security among others. Speaking to NAN, one of the ad hoc delegates, Mr Fatai Shodimu, said that his expectation was a peaceful conduct without any disruption and violence. “We will not be violent, we will be peaceful. We believe our own candidate, Jandor (Olajide Adediran) will emerge as winner,” Shodimu said. Also speaking, Mr Samsudeen Arobieke, another delegate expressed optimism that the election  would be smooth and peaceful. NAN reports that the special state congress expected to start at 10a.m. was yet to start as at 2:00 p. m. of filing this report. Members of the electoral committee who were to conduct the primary election were yet to come but delegates were moving  around, expecting the accreditation to commerce. The PDP is conducting a special state congress to produce party governorship candidate for the 2023 general elections in Lagos State. NAN reports that six PDP governorship aspirants in the contest are Ade Dosunmu, Olanrewaju Jim- Kamal, Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour, Olajide Adediran, Adedeji Doherty, and David Vaughan (NAN) Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Lagos State Chapter of the PDP has urged the party’s National Working Committee (NWC) to cancel the House of Assembly and House of Representatives primaries slated for Sunday in Lagos. The PDP Chairman in Lagos State, Mr Philips Aivoji, made the call at a news… In "Top Stories" By SAM ODITAHOHAFIA (ABIA)- Violence erupted midway into the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) ) primary election for Abia North Senatorial District on Tuesday, bringing the exercise to an abrupt end.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the three-member ad hoc delegates election was organised at the Ohafia Local Government… In "Politics" By ADEOTI OKUNLOLA, OLAYINKA OLAWALE and EDITH OFFIONGLagos- Some PDP  aspirants for  House of Assembly and Federal House of Representatives in Surulere Constituency I, have expressed hope for a free, fair and credible primaries.The aspirants made their views known in separate interviews  with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on… In "Politics"