By BOSEDE OLUFUNMI KANO- A Non-Governmental Organisation, Smartclicks, has advised parents, educators and caregivers to inculcate positive technology habit in young adults and always monitor their children’s usage of the social media. Founder of Smartclicks, Mrs Suliyat Adeleye-Idris, gave the advice on Tuesday in Kano during an awareness programme on digital wellness in the society. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the programme, organised by Smartclicks, a digital wellness advocacy organisation, was attended by experts and stakeholders in information technology. Adeleye-Idris said the awareness programme was necessitated by the increasing calls for the adoption of technology in educating students in schools as well as continuous acquaintance of people with technological tools. “Educators, IT experts, parents and social media influencers should ensure that every young person and adult out there use technology for good and wellbeing in terms of personal and professional engagements at home, schools and every other place we might find ourselves,” she said. In the same vein, Alhaji Shuaibu Swade, Zonal Controller, Nigerian Communication Commission, who was represented by a staff of the commission, Alhaji Mohammed Ibrahim-Danwawu, said that parents, teachers, community leaders should be vigilant and guide their children on how to use the internet. Swade, who promised that the commission would support Smartclicks in it’s advocacy, emphasised the need for parents to educate their children on online bullying especially among teenagers. Also speaking, the Editor-in-Chief of Solacebase newspapers, Abdulateef Abubakar, charged parents to always monitor what their children are doing with their phones. (NAN) Abuja - The Independent Hajj Reporters (IHR), an NGO, on Tuesday urged Kano State Muslim Pilgrims Welfare Board to include the rules and regulation of Hajj in its enlightenment programme. This is contained in a statement signed by its National Coordinator, Alhaji Ibrahim Muhammed, a copy of which was made… In "News" UMUAHIA -  The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) on Saturday warned its personnel against indulging in acts of corruption and indiscipline. The Zonal Commanding Officer (ZCO), FRSC RS 9 Headquarters, Enugu, Mr Kehinde Adeleye, issued the warning in Umuahia during his maiden visit to Abia state. Adeleye replaced Assistant Corps… In "News" LAGOS - A 32-year-old bus conductor, Taiye Ajayi, was on Wednesday charged with biting off the ear of a passenger at an Ejigbo Magistrates’ Court, Lagos. Ajayi, whose address is unknown, is being tried for unlawfully inflicting wounds. The prosecutor, Cpl. Oluwafemi Adeleye told the court that the accused bit… In "News"