AWKA – The Anambra State Government has debunked a report alleging that there was a religious killing in the state. In a statement on Tuesday, Christian Aburime, the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Chukwuma Soludo, said the statement had become necessary to set the record straight about a misleading publication on the front page of Daily Trust Newspaper of Tuesday, May 24, 2022. The headline of front page report reads: “IPOB KILLS WOMAN, 4 KIDS, 6 OTHER NORTHERNERS IN ANAMBRA”, with several riders. Aburime said, “While it is true that there is general insecurity across the country, there is no targeted religious or ethnic killings in Anambra State. As a matter of fact, Anambra indigenes have suffered more casualties as a result of the unfortunate killings. “The insensitive slant of the Daily Trust report have the tendency to stir anger and disaffection in other parts of the country. “The report, therefore, is totally unacceptable and inimical to the unity and progress of the nation. “Government of Anambra State hereby states that the report is not only sensational but misleading and should be immediately retracted to reflect the real situation on ground. “It is on record that Ndi Anambra and people of the North and other parts of the country who live and do business in the state, not only share common values, but have always lived at peace with each other in the state. “Governor Soludo’s administration has not only demonstrated commitment in tackling insecurity but has continuously reassured both indigenes and non-indigenes in the State of their protection and safety.” Late Joe Anatune AWKA - Anatune was recently appointed on April 19, 2022, the MD/CEO of Anambra State Signage and Advertising Agency by Governor Soludo. A major member of the campaign team of Prof Chukwuma Charles Soludo in last year’s governorship election, Joe Anatune, is dead.  Anatune was the leader… In "News" By CHIMEZIE ANASO Awka- Gov. Chukwuma Soludo of Anambra has condemned the killing and beheading of Mr Okechukwu Okoye, a member of the state House of Assembly and Director of his campaign organisation, Mr Cyril Chiegboka.The heads without (trunks) of Okoye and Chiegboka were discovered around Chisco park junction in… In "News" Governor Kayode Fayemi (left) and Governor Chukwuma Soludo in Awka By Chimezie Anaso AWKA - Dr Kayode Fayemi, Chairman, Nigerian Governors’ Forum (NGF) on Saturday paid a one day visit to Gov Chukwuma Soludo of Anambra State in Awka and welcomed him officially to the forum. Fayemi, who is also… In "Top Stories"