ABUJA – President Muhammadu Buhari has appealed to governors of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to reciprocate the gesture he has always extended to them in allowing them anoint a successor. In a speech he delivered at a meeting with the governors earlier today before departing for Spain where he would spend four days, Buhari argued that the APC has always followed its internal process of choosing flag bearers and successors. Buhari claimed that first-term governors are allowed to seek re-election while second term governors enjoy the privilege of promoting their successors. He urged the governors of the party to extend that same privilege to him. The APC will be choosing Buhari’s successor on June 6 and 7, a process that has already manifested cracks with two vice-chairmen of the party accusing the national chairman, Abdullahi Abdullahi of running an autocratic process. The president’s full address is presented below: ADDRESS BY HIS EXCELLENCY, MUHAMMADU BUHARI, PRESIDENT, FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA, TO THE PROGRESSIVE GOVERNORS’ FORUM AT THE CONSULTATIVE MEETING HELD AT THE PRESIDENTIAL VILLA, ABUJA, ON TUESDAY, 31ST MAY, 2022 I am delighted to address this gathering of the Progressive  Governors’ Forum  as part of the consultative processes that have always strengthened the internal dynamics of our Party, the All Progressives Congress, (APC). 2. You will all recall that APC came to power at the center in 2015 through a cohesive machinery, notwithstanding its status as the opposition party. Similarly, in 2019, it was returned to power under my leadership, because of the dividends of democracy delivered to Nigerians irrespective of their political leanings. 3. The Party has since grown in strength and capacity to govern.  The key to both electoral successes is the ability of the party to hold consultations and for its members to put the nation above other interests. 4. The transition processes for the 2023 General Elections have commenced in earnest and I note that the most successful Political Parties globally have always relied on their internal cohesion and a strong leadership brand to achieve bigger electoral fortunes. Our party, the APC, shall not be any different, more so as we are still implementing the blueprint for a more prosperous nation. 5. As I begin the final year of my second term as President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria and leader of the Party, I recognize the compelling need for me to provide stronger leadership to the Party under this transition process and to ensure that it happens in an orderly manner. 6. Such leadership is required so that the Party remains strong and united. It is also needed to improve our electoral fortunes by ensuring that it retains power at the center, hold the great majority in various legislative chambers and also gain additional number of states at state levels. 7. In pursuit of the foregoing objectives, the Party has successfully established internal policies that promote continuity and smooth succession plans even at the state and local government levels. For example, first term Governors who have served credibly well have been encouraged to stand for re-election. Similarly, second term Governors have been accorded the privilege of promoting successors that are capable of driving their visions as well as the ideals of the party. 8. In a few days, the Party will be holding its Convention during which primaries would take place to pick the Presidential Flag Bearer for the 2023 General Elections. This is a very significant process and its outcome should prove to the world, the positive quality of the APC regarding democratic principles, culture as well as leadership. 9. As we approach the Convention, I appeal to all of you to allow our interests to converge, our focus to remain on the changing dynamics of our environment, the expectations of our citizens and the global community. Our objective must be the victory of our party and our choice of the candidate must be someone who would give the Nigerian masses a sense of victory and confidence even before the elections. 10. In keeping with the established internal policies of the Party and as we approach the Convention in a few days, therefore, I wish to solicit the reciprocity and support of the Governors and other stakeholders in picking my successor, who would fly the flag of our party for election into the office of the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria in 2023. 11. I wish to assure you that the consultation process shall continue to ensure that all aspirants and stakeholders would be brought on board right through to the convention. This would also ensure that any anxiety occasioned by different factors are effectively brought under control and that our party emerges stronger. 12. I thank you all for listening. God bless you all.  God bless our Party, the APC and God bless our nation, Nigeria. ABUJA - Two influential governors from the northern part of the country who are behind the return bid of former President Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, have secured the buy-in of a section of the presidency to actualise their agenda of drafting the former president into the presidential race. Multiple sources, who… In "Top Stories" By ISMAILA CHAFE President Muhammadu Buhari ABUJA- President Muhammadu Buhari has charged Governors of the All Progressives Congress to ensure that the forthcoming convention to pick a presidential candidate reflects all the values and virtues of the party. Mr Femi Adesina, the President’s spokesman, in a statement on Tuesday, said… In "Politics" •President Muhammadu Buhari ‘’It’s not my problem.’’ – This was President Muhammadu Buhari’s immutable response to a question on his thoughts on the 2023 elections. Buhari has been coerced and blandished to assert himself like former President Olusegun Obasanjo who assumed the de facto office of godfather and technically installing… In "Opinion"