By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Contrary to it’s earlier stand that it will not alter the 2023 election timetable so as not to disrupt other scheduled activities, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has succumbed to pressure from political parties and has granted their request to use the 6-day period between 4th and 9th June 2022 to conclude outstanding primaries and prepare to upload the list of candidates and their affidavits on the INEC Candidates Nomination Portal. According to the Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, Festus Okoye, the request was granted since the six-day period does not conflict with the next scheduled activity which is the submission of the list of nominated candidates or any of the subsequent timelines which remain sacrosanct. Stressing that, this request is granted in respect of outstanding primaries only without prejudice to those already concluded by political parties. The statement from the Commission reads in full: PARTY PRIMARIES AND SUBMISSION OF LIST OF NOMINATED CANDIDATES Party Primaries The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) met with the leadership of political parties today Friday 27th May 2022. Once again, the political parties requested the Commission to review the timelines for political party primaries provided in the Timetable and Schedule of Activities for the conduct of the 2023 General Election released on Saturday 26th February 2022. Earlier, the political parties had requested for 37 – 60 days extension of the timeline for primaries and the nomination of candidates. The Commission was emphatic that this request could not be granted because it would disrupt other scheduled activities on the Timetable. This position of the Commission has not changed. However, based on the Timetable and Schedule of Activities for the 2023 General Election, the parties have now pleaded with the Commission to use the 6-day period between 4th and 9th June 2022 to conclude outstanding primaries and prepare to upload the list of candidates and their affidavits on the INEC Candidates Nomination Portal. The Commission did not schedule any specific activity during this period. The idea is to simply give parties time to compile the list and personal particulars of their nominated candidates before uploading same to the INEC Candidates Nomination Portal from 10th – 17th June 2022. The Commission has decided to allow the request of the political parties since the six-day period does not conflict with the next scheduled activity which is the submission of the list of nominated candidates or any of the subsequent timelines which remain sacrosanct. However, this request is granted in respect of outstanding primaries only without prejudice to those already concluded by political parties. The Commission will not monitor already concluded primaries. The INEC Candidates Nomination Portal After the conduct of primaries, the next critical activity for political parties is the online submission of the list of the candidates the party proposes to sponsor which shall be accompanied by an affidavit sworn to by the candidates indicating that they fulfilled all the constitutional requirements for election into the various offices via the INEC Candidates Nomination Portal. In addition, the Commission, based on past experience, has decided to train the political party officials to make efficient and effective use of the portal. The Commission will train four officials from each of the 18 political parties, making a total of 72 in all. Unfortunately, some of the political parties are still yet to submit their nominees for the training. The Commission hereby reminds such parties to do so immediately. The Commission wishes to reiterate that only electronically submitted nominations will be processed. Political parties are therefore advised to ensure that their primaries are free of rancour in order to meet the timelines for the remaining activities embodied in the Timetable and Schedule of Activities for the 2023 General Election. Festus Okoye, Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee.  By EMMANUEL OLONIRUHA Abuja- The Inter-Party Advisory Council (IPAC) has appealed to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to extend the June 3 deadline for political parties primaries for the 2023 general election, by two months.IPAC National Chairman, Mr Yabagi Sani made the call at the INEC quarterly consultative meeting… In "Politics" Abuja -. Unless President Muhammadu Buhari signs the fresh amendment to the Electoral Act into law by Sunday, himself, Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo, National Assembly members, governors, their deputies and other statutory delegates in the ruling All Progressives Congress may not be able to vote in the forthcoming primaries. Others who… In "Top Stories" Abuja - The Independent National Electoral Commission has vowed not to extend the June 3, 2022 deadline for primaries even as it was observed on Monday that none of the 18 political parties had conducted their presidential primaries three weeks to the deadline. A document obtained from INEC on Monday… In "Top Stories"