Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has discovered an additional sum of N90 billion allegedly looted from the Federation Account by the suspended Accountant-General of the Federation, Ahmed Idris. Recall that the commission had earlier arrested the former Accountant-General after linking a looted sim of N80 billion to him. A reliable source, who spoke in confidence, told the Punch that: “So far, the EFCC chairman, Abdulrasheed Bawa and his team have made substantial progress. “This is one of the biggest scandals that Bawa’s administration has uncovered. “Based on preliminary investigation, the suspended AGF now will account for N170billion. Detectives are still digging more into his activities in office. “Since his arrest on May 16, he has made useful disclosures including some suspicious accounts and transactions.” During investigation, reports says the AGF had implicated some top government officials involved in some suspicious transactions. According to ThePunch, the EFCC grilled a Permanent Secretary in connection with some “deals in which Idris was implicated” and are closing in on an undisclosed Minister. “As part of his disclosures during the investigation, a Federal Permanent Secretary was invited and interrogated by the EFCC last week. “The Permanent Secretary is presently on bail and his movement restricted to Abuja. The Permanent Secretary has made a useful statement to investigators. “A minister was also implicated. “We have to verify whether or not the links with the minister were real or maybe the suspect was just desperate to rope in others,” the source said. Abuja - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission has traced at least 17 properties to the Accountant-General of the Federation, Ahmed Idris. This is just as the Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Zainab Ahmed, suspended Idris who is currently being investigated for fraud to the tune of N80bn.… In "Top Stories" Abuja - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has secured a court order to keep the Accountant-General of the Federation, Ahmed Idris, in its custody for more days. Recall that the EFCC had on Monday arrested the accountant general in connection with the diversion of funds and money laundering… In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Press Release) - Operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC,  on Monday, May 16, 2022 arrested serving Accountant General of the Federation, Mr. Ahmed Idris in connection with  diversion of funds and money laundering  activities to the tune of N80billion (Eighty Billion Naira only).    The Commission’s… In "Top Stories"