By ADEOTI OKUNLOLA, OLAYINKA OLAWALE/OKU OFFIONG LAGOS- Mr Desmond Elliot, representing Surulere Constituency I in  Lagos State House of Assembly, has won the All Progressives Congress (APC) ticket  for a third term. The primary election took place on Friday at Akerele Primary Health Centre, Surulere, amid tight security provided by the police and other  agencies. The primary election  was also conducted under the watch of the officials of Independent National Electoral Commission. (INEC). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that  electoral officers for Surulere Constituency I arrived at 1. 55 p.m., while accreditation started at 2.11 p.m. Thirty ad-hoc delegates drawn from nine wards in the constituency started voting at 2.45 p.m. Votes were counted at 2:49 p.m. Announcing the result at 3.00 p.m., the returning officer, Mr Demola Omotosho, declared  Elliot the winner. He said that Elliot polled 30 votes as the sole contestant for the ticket. The supervising officer from APC Headquarters,  Abuja, Amb. Paul Oyiborume, was on ground during the election. In his acceptance speech, Elliot thanked God for his victory. “I feel excited, and I am happy. “The people should be expecting more dividends of democracy. “This is just the party ticket, this is not the general election. “A lot of work still needs to be done, and we are ready to embark on it,” he said. NAN reports  that Elliot contested and won the Surulere Constituency  1 seat on the April 11, 2015, general elections. His nomination by APC for a second term  came unopposed as well as the third. Party members, family and friends besieged the venue of the primaries to congratulate the APC candidate. APC is holding House of Assembly and House of Representatives primaries across the 40 Lagos State constituencies and 24 federal constituencies in the state. (NAN) By YUNUS YUSUF LAGOS- Inability of  Electoral Officers to get the delegates list from the local government area chairman has delayed  commencement of APC House of Assembly primaries in Somolu Constituency II. Mr Okon Kenyen, the APC Returning Officer/Electoral Officer, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)  on Friday… In "Politics" By KAZEEM AKANDE •Mr Mudashiru Obasa LAGOS- The Speaker, Lagos State House of Assembly, Mr Mudashiru Obasa, has secured the All Progressives Congress (APC) ticket to run for the sixth term in the 2023 Lagos State House of Assembly Election.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Obasa, representing Agege State Constituency 01,… In "Politics" By REPORTERS LAGOS- Late arrival of  electoral committee members and materials has again, delayed conduct of   APC House of Assembly primaries in Lagos State.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the house of assembly primaries had earlier been scheduled for Thursday, May 26 but due to late arrival of… In "Politics"