The All Progressive Congress primary election for Arochukwu Ohafia Federal Constituency of Abia State has been postponed till further notice. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) observer for the election told our correspondent that the election could not hold because the materials for the election did not arrive at the  venue of the election. Also the returning officer for the primaries, Mr Tony Onyeanuluwa confirmed that the election did not hold. He said an imposter had carted away the meterials for the election to an unknown destination. He assured the constituents that the primary election in the constituency would hold on a later date. The aspirants including Mrs Mary Ikoku, Rev Daniel Imoh and Iroh Orji all urged the state chapter of the APC to do the needful and conduct the primary election. Speaking further Ikoku, warned any imposter trying to high jack the process to desist from such, adding that only free, fair and credible primary election will produce a popular candidate that will win the 2023 House of Representatives election on the platform of the APC. Support for Mary Ikoku Mrs Mary Ikoku, a leading House of Representatives aspirant is currently wooing delegates in Ohafia/Arochukwu federal constituency of Abia State ahead of rescheduled All Progressives Congress (APC) primary election now fixed for 25 May in the South-East. This is as the frontline human rights advocate and… In "Politics" By SAM ODITAHOHAFIA (ABIA)- Violence erupted midway into the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) ) primary election for Abia North Senatorial District on Tuesday, bringing the exercise to an abrupt end.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the three-member ad hoc delegates election was organised at the Ohafia Local Government… In "Politics" By YUNUS YUSUF LAGOS- Inability of  Electoral Officers to get the delegates list from the local government area chairman has delayed  commencement of APC House of Assembly primaries in Somolu Constituency II. Mr Okon Kenyen, the APC Returning Officer/Electoral Officer, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)  on Friday… In "Politics"