By ABIODUN ESAN ILORIN- Alhaji Hakeem Lawal, son of former governor of Kwara, late Alhaji Mohammed Lawal, has won the governorship ticket of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) in Kwara. The Chairman of the Electoral Committee of the party, Mr Olatunji George, declared Hakeem the winner of the primary election that took place at Arca Center Hall in Ilorin on Monday night. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that junior Lawal polled a total of 607 votes to defeat his opponent, Prof. Shuaib Oba Abdulraheem, that got 177 votes. NAN also reports that accreditation of delegates did not start until around 2 p.m, while voting started by 5.20 p.m. The exercise was monitored by officials of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), security agencies and secretariat of the party. The chairman of the electoral committee however said that nine votes were voided, adding that 792 delegates were accredited from the 16 local government areas of the state. Lawal was one of the governorship aspirants on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in 2018 that saw the emergence of Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq as the candidate. The state executives of the party had on May 26 held a shadow primary for the governorship aspirants where Lawal emerged as the winner. But Abdulraheem, one of the aspirants, rejected the mode of selection of the candidate and petitioned the national headquarters of SDP. The national headquarters ordered a fresh primary by delegates from all the 16 local governments of the state. NAN reports that none of the two aspirants were at the venue of the primary. (NAN) By ABIODUN ESAN ILORIN- Members of a faction of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) in Kwara have boycotted primary elections conducted by the party to elect candidates for the 2023 general elections.A chieftain of the SDP in the state, Mr Adebara Adelowo, made this known in a statement in Ilorin.Adelowo,… In "Politics" By ABIODUN LAWAL ABEOKUTA- Mr Segun Sowunmi, a former spokesman for Atiku Abubakar on Wednesday, emerged governorship candidate of the PDP in Ogun.The chairman of the electoral committee, Mr Abayomi Daniel announced Sowunmi the winner of the election after the votes were counted.Abayomi said Sowunmi contested against  two other aspirants,… In "Politics" By SHUAIB SADIQ •Alhaji Dauda Lawal GUSAU- Alhaji Dauda Lawal, has won the Zamfara Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) governorship ticket for 2023 general elections.Mr Adamu Maina, the Returning Officer for the primaries declared the result in Gusau, saying that Lawal polled 431 votes to win the ticket.Maina said Dr Ibrahim… In "Politics"