By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Executive Chairman of Isi Uzo Local Government Area of Enugu State, Barrister Obiora Obeagu has reiterated that education and welfare of the children remained priority in his administration. Barrister Obeagu stated this while addressing school children at the Local Government’s parade ground, Ikem to mark this year’s children’s Day celebration. He described children as the beacon of hope and future leaders of the country. The Chairman praised Enugu State Government under the leadership of Governor Dr Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi for its commitment to the welfare of children. He stressed that Enugu State was among the very few states in the country that have domesticated the Child Rights Act adding that such was a clear proof of the determination of the state to prepare its youths for the future. Barrister Obeagu also used the occasion to admonish parents to be alive to their responsibilities of ensuring proper upbringing of their children for the good of the society. He equally urged the children to be of good behaviour and show seriousness in their education advising them to see education as the pinnacle of their success in life. ...vows to take Isi Uzo youths off drugs and alcoholism By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The newly sworn in Executive Chairman of Isi Local Government Area in Enugu State, Barrister Obiorah Obeagu has promised that his immediate priority would be to rehabilitate the teeming youths of the various… In "News" By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) - The Enugu State Governor, Chief Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi has been applauded for the policy of encouraging the participation of local governments in the state to mount exhibitions for their products at the just concluded Enugu State International Trade Fair. The Executive Chairman of Isi Uzo… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Executive Chairman of Isi-Uzo local government area, Hon. Barr. Obiora Chibuzo Obeagu, has enjoined Ndi Isi-Uzo to reflect on the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ, which signified his undying love for humanity. Obiora who made the call in a statement signed… In "Top Stories"