By ISMAILA CHAFE ABUJA- The Presidency has cautioned the public against the indiscriminate sharing of posts on social media, to deny vested interests who seek to divide the country the chance to do so. It also cautioned against any knee-jerk reactions, the creation of panic, disruption of lives and livelihoods, or even retaliatory violence following the viral videos of the alleged killings of non-indigenes by the Eastern Security Network (ESN) and its mother terrorist group, the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). The President’s Senior Special Assistant to the Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, stated this in a statement on Wednesday in Abuja. Shehu said: “While expert agencies are now verifying the factuality and veracity of the claims that accompany the horrid pictures being circulated, we call on all citizens to avoid hasty steps or conclusions that could exacerbate the situation, and on the contrary keep to a line of conduct that will help the law to take its proper course.’’ The presidential aide quoted President Buhari as condemning the “wild, barbarous and wanton killings of innocent people” in the South-East as well as the other parts of the country, describing it as “deeply distressing.” The president warned the perpetrators of the acts to expect tough response from the security forces. (NAN) AWKA - The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB has said that all Hausas and other non-indigenes residing in the South-East are safe. This was made known in a statement by the spokesperson of the group, Emma Powerful. He assured all non-Igbos in the South-East that the Eastern Security Network will… In "News" •The murdered soldiers, Master Warrant Officer Audu M Linus (Rtd), and Private Gloria Matthew ABUJA - The Nigerian Army (NA), has confirmed that on Saturday, April 30, 2022, it “received information on the gruesome, barbaric and most despicable manner in which members of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and… In "Top Stories" •The murdered soldiers, Master Warrant Officer Audu M Linus (Rtd), and Private Gloria Matthew THE Indigenous People of Biafra has denied complicity in the killing of a military couple on transit to Imo State and pointed accusing fingers at those it called agents created by the Nigerian government to destabilise… In "Top Stories"