CALABAR – Militants of Ambazonia, a separatist group in South West Cameroon, have killed at least 20 people in a community in Boki Local Government Area of Cross River State. Chief Cletus Obun, a former member of Cross River State House of Assembly and an aspirant of House of Reps for Boki/Ikom federal constituency, confirmed the incident, saying it happened on Sunday. “I can confirm that the Ambazonian soldiers crossed the Nigerian border Sunday morning to attack their compatriots who fled into Nigeria and refused to join their forces to fight.” “They killed nearly 20. No one is sure yet if amongst those killed, there are Nigerian citizens.” He said the remaining Cameroonians who also speak Bokye language of Boki people have now flooded Bashu community, not far from Danare, where Nigerian troops have a small camp. Ambazonian militants regularly saunter into the Boki, where there are many Cameroonians, to wreak havoc or unwind. When contacted, Information officer of 13 Brigade of Nigerian Army Calabar, Captain Tope Aluko, said they were yet to confirm the latest attack, which happened six months after a similar invasion in Taraba State. Senate Deputy Minority Leader, Emmanuel Bwacha, had raised the alarm over how suspected Cameroonian militants gunned down the village head and some residents of Manga community in Taraba. The lawmaker had said the Cameroonian separatists razed down the village. Bwacha, who represents Taraba South in the Senate, said the separatists’ invasion threatened Nigeria’s territorial sovereignty as their motive is yet unknown. He had said, “I rise this morning to draw the attention of our country men and particularly our security agencies to this unfortunate incident which undermines our integrity and sovereignty as a nation. Takum local government houses the 23 Battalion of the Nigerian Army, and so Mr. President, it is my humble submission that the Nigerian Army should rise to the challenge and curb this wanton territorial expansion. “Their (Separatists) motive is yet unknown, whether they want to expand territory or lay claim for Southwest Cameroon is not yet clear.” (Daily Trust) By Jess Craig Escalating pro-independence movements by Anglophone Cameroonians and Biafrans are igniting ethnic tensions and could threaten regional stability. Immigration officers walk on a suspension bridge built in 1948 that connects Nigeria with Cameroon at Mfum border station in Cross Rivers State, southeast Nigeria on February 1, 2018. The… In "Features" By George Odok   Ikom    -     The National Commission for Refugees, Migrants and Internally Displaced Persons on Sunday in Ikom distributed food and materials worth millions of Naira to Cameroonian refugees residing in Ikom Local Government Area of Cross River. Mrs Sadiya Umar-Farouq, the Federal Commissioner of… In "News" Gembu     -         The conflict between the Cameroonian Government and Ambazonia Separatists has led to influx of many asylum seekers into Nigeria’s border towns in Sardauna and Kurmi Local Government Areas in Taraba. Confirming the development during a visit to the area on Thursday, Taraba… In "News"