By IHECHINYERE CHIGEMERI-UWOM UMUAHIA- Former Vice Chancellor of the Abia State University, Uturu, Prof. Uche Ikonne, has emerged the governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the 2023 general elections.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Ikonne was elected at the party’s primary election held at the Umuahia Township Stadium on Wednesday.He polled 468 votes to defeat five other contestants in the exercise that took place under heavy presence of security personnel.Mr Lucky Igbokwe came a distant second with 45 votes, while the only female contestant, Mrs Ngozi Merenge, scored five votes.Other contestants, including Dep. Gov. Ude Oko-Chukwu, Sen. Enyinnaya Abaribe, Sen. Emma Nwaka, had earlier announced their withdrawal from the race.They were however credited with six, five and four votes, respectively.Also, Prof. Greg Ibe, who formally defected to the All Progressives Grand Alliance on April 17, was also credited with two.and five votes, respectively.Other aspirants that withdrew from the race were Chief Ncheta Omerekpe, Mr Enyinnaya Nwafor and Mr Chima Anyaso.However, they were credited with three, four and five votes, respectively.The Chairman of the Primary Election Committee and former Gov. Ayo Fayose thanked the delegates for their peaceful conduct during the exercise.In an acceptance speech, Ikonne expressed gratitude to Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu and PDP for believing in him.He gave assurance that he would not betray such confidence.He further assured them that he would deliver victory to the party in the general election.He promised to tackle the huge infrastructure need of the state, create job for the youths and ensure that women were gainfully engaged, when elected. (NAN) •Prof Uchenna Ikonne UMUAHIA - A leading Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) gubernatorial aspirant, Prof Uchenna Eleazar Ikonne has unfolded the six pillars of his vision for Abia State if elected governor in 2023.  The tested academic and administrator outlined the vision in campaign stops at Ikwuano, Bende, Isiukwuato and Umunneochi. … In "Politics" By MUSTAPHA YAURIZaria (Kaduna State)- Sadiq Abdullahi has emerged the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for Sabon Gari Federal Constituency ahead of the 2023 general elections. Alhaji Mohammed Shafiu, the election returning officer, announced Abdullahi as the party’s flag bearer having polled 28 votes to defeat his closest… In "Politics" By EMMANUEL ACHA •Mr Peter Mba ENUGU- A former Chief of Staff to Ex Gov Chimaroke Nnamani of Enugu State, Mr Peter Mba, has emerged winner of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) gubernatorial primaries in the state.the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports.Mba, who was also Commissioner for Finance under… In "Politics"