UMUAHIA – Two days after he boycotted the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Abia 2023 governorship primaries over alleged irregularities, Senate Minority Leader Enyinnaya Abaribe has pitched his tent with the opposition All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA). An Abia APGA chieftain (name withheld) who spoke with News Express this morning disclosed that Abaribe has already picked the APGA senatorial form and is set to contest the party’s primary election holding today, Friday, May 27, 2022. Abaribe had suffered a double loss in PDP after being stopped from returning to the Senate by Governor Okezie Ikpeazu, who has since picked the PDP ticket, while also being zoned out of the 2023 Abia governorship race to pave the way for the emergence of Ikpeazu’s candidate, Prof. Uche Ikonne. With Abaribe likely to grab the APGA senatorial ticket for Abia South, the battle-line has become drawn between him and Governor Ikpeazu, his Ngwa brother from the same community. “They will now have to test their popularity during the next senatorial election,” the source who revealed Abaribe’s defection to APGA told News Express. Abuja - No fewer than 30 senators may not make it back to the parliament in 2023 when the 10th National Assembly would be inaugurated.  While some are pursuing other aspirations, paving the way for other aspirants to take over their seats in the Red Chamber, the re-election bids of… In "Top Stories" The Senate Minority Leader, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe has expressed interest to contest in the Abia State governorship election in 2023. He made this known after purchasing the governorship nomination form of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Abaribe had expressed readiness to serve and deliver more dividends of democracy to the… In "News" Minority Leader of the Senate and Senator representing Abia South Senatorial District, Enyinnaya Abaribe has revealed he will be contesting for the Abia State Governorship election in 2023. The lawmaker confirmed the news on Saturday evening through his aide. According to ABN TV, Abaribe has also informed Abia State Governor… In "Politics"