By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former vice-president and serial presidential aspirant, Atiku Abubakar, has beaten the governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike to emerge as the presidential candidate of the opposition party, the Peoples Democratic Party. Atiku beats Wike to emerge as a candidate at the end of the presidential primary after polling 371 votes. He defeated the Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike, who scored 237 votes. Other aspirants with the number of votes polled include Bukola Saraki – 70; Sam Ohuanbunwa – 1; Anyim Pius Anyim – 14; Udom Emmanuel – 38 votes; Bala Mohammed – 20. Earlier before the commencement of voting, the Governor of Sokoto State, Aminu Tambuwal, had withdrawn from the presidential race and had given his support to the former Vice President. Atiku had in 1993, contested the Social Democratic Party presidential primary, losing to Moshood Abiola and Baba Gana Kingibe. He was a presidential candidate of the Action Congress in the 2007 presidential election coming in third to Umaru Yar’Adua of the PDP and Muhammadu Buhari of the ANPP. He contested the presidential primary of the Peoples Democratic Party during the 2011 presidential election losing out to incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan. In 2014, he joined the All Progressives Congress ahead of the 2015 presidential election and contested the presidential primary and lost to Muhammadu Buhari. In 2017, he returned to the Peoples Democratic Party and was the party’s presidential candidate during the 2019 presidential election, again losing to incumbent President Muhammadu Buhari. Atiku will fly the flag of the PDP in the 2023 general election slated for February next year. ....Mudslinging as Rivers gov alleges smear plot ......Ex-Vice President in last minutes call with delegates Abuja - After months of rigorous campaign, the 14 aspirants jostling for the presidential ticket of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in next year’s election will submit themselves for assessment today in Abuja. Their fate… In "Top Stories" Abuja - Former Vice-President of Nigeria, Atiku Abubakar, is planning to retain Peter Obi as his running mate if he clinches the presidential ticket of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), sources have said. The duo clinched the PDP presidential ticket in the 2019 general elections although they lost to the… In "Top Stories" .... Party limits aspirants’ aides to three, police warn against violence ....Delegates in joyous mood as aspirants visit Abuja hotels Abuja (Sundiata Post) -. Former Vice-President Atiku Abubakar; Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike; his Sokoto State counterpart, Aminu Tambuwal; and a former Senate President, Bukola Saraki, are among the frontline… In "Top Stories"