By STANLEY NWANOSIKEENUGU- An elder statesman, Chief Ndubuisi Ebiliekwe, has called for a round-table dialogue of all stakeholders to solve the insecurity destabilising the South-East and return enduring peace to the zone.Ebiliekwe made the call while speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Enugu on Thursday.He spoke on the sidelines of rising bloodshed, maiming and unwarranted arrests, illegal detention and incarceration of innocent people in the zone.According to him, socio-economic and infrastructure development cannot thrive in an atmosphere of rancour, crisis and insecurity.He noted that only good governance, love, tolerance and dialogue could solve the insecurity impasse as well as insecurity siege that had brought suffering, hunger and poverty debilitating low income earners in the zone.“Igbo breeds in the Diaspora are not happy with the South-East being under the present carnage and siege.“Enough of the bloodshed. Enough of dragging South-East especially Imo State economy to zero. Orlu socio-economic growth has gone down completely.“We are begging our brothers, our fathers, amiable political leaders and statesmen in South-East, especially our distinguished Sen. Rochas Okorocha and Gov. Hope Uzodimma, to come to a round-table and have mutual understanding to iron things out.“When two elephants are fighting, the grass suffers. So, let us allow the grass to grow.“We are begging our fathers, leaders and youths to have a rethink for peace to reign supremely in the zone,” he said.Ebiliekwe, a business tycoon, called on all to bury their grievances and join hands to find a lasting solution to the insecurity challenge bedeviling the South-East. (NAN) •Governor Chukwuma Soludo (left) and Igwe Alfred Achebe, Obi of Onitsha at Awka peace dialogue BY CHIMEZIE ANASO AWKA - Prof. Chukwuma Soludo, Governor of Anambra, has given the assurance that he will lead his brother governors in the South-East to engage the Federal Government on dialogue to handle  insecurity… In "Top Stories" IPOB leader Nnamdi Kanu ABUJA - The detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has demanded immediate stoppage of the senseless killings going on in the South East. The IPOB leader who spoke from the Department of State Services (DSS), detention in Abuja where he… In "Top Stories" By SEGUN GIWA •Bala Mohammed Akure- A presidential aspirant on the platform of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and Governor of Bauchi State, Bala Mohammed, has advocated for the creation of local police to tackle insecurity in the country.Mohammed stated this on Saturday in Akure while addressing party delegates on his… In "Security"