Princeton University fires Joshua Katz, a tenured professor of classics, accused of having a consensual sexual relationship with an undergraduate student between 2006 and 2007, an act prohibited by university rules. During the first investigation he lied about what happened and was suspended. In between then and now, he wrote a scathing criticism of a letter signed by staff and students of Princeton University recommending a review of Princeton University’s race history; he went further by branding the student black justice league, a terrorist organisation. The student involved wrote the school about Professor Katz’s effort to discourage her from participating in the investigation and discouraging her from getting help for the distress the entire incident caused her. This caused Princeton to reopen the investigation, and eventually fired Professor Katz. Professor Katz asked to resign but was denied that option. Professor Katz says he is very sad they would let him go, given how much of his life he had given to Princeton University. I found this story particularly intriguing because friends of Professor Katz say that his firing was politically motivated because of his stance on free speech. Well free speech got him, didn’t it? Just like he publicly branded a black organisation terrorist, a term that could easily get one of those members hurt. Just like he openly criticised a request for Princeton to review its race history with a defence of free speech, even though we have seen that hate speech as free speech can precipitate violence. It is poetic justice, that the young lady used her voice as freely as she was able to tell the truth of what this professor did to her, how he cruelly tried to prevent her from participating in an investigation of an action that was already known and especially from getting the mental health support she needed. It is justice that the Professor Katz used his written “voice” to defame a group of young black students seeking racial justice while in secret, he attempted to silence a young lady ensuring that she received no justice but inequity. Ironically, she would use the same format, her written “voice” to tell the story of Professor Katz. What is even more ironic, is that just as free hate speech hurts both the intended and even the unintended, Professor Katz found out he was fired via an email sent to his wife, you see free speech travels fast and touches many, when it is hate speech or an unfair thing it harms many. I hope that Professor Katz will see how information proliferates and leaves a trail, perhaps he can imagine the suffering of many blacks after the George Floyd murder and the aftermath racial tension. Perhaps he can see the latest murders in Buffalo NY that took the lives of many because of a buffoon that had nothing useful to do, no value to society but to murder others and I can go on and on with more like it. To him, it might not have been a big deal as he defends “free speech” and calls young people hateful names. Young people that could be his sons and daughters. Did he sit with them and chat with them to know what they are about? Did he care enough to look at the facts before he condemned balack activists in the midst of their pain. What kind of a person does that, a sadist! Someone who has done something egregious but assumes his wrong is not bad but doubles down on harming others for no reason at all but his biased view on race. He does not acknowledge that the young woman provided new information on what happened and his firing was because of what he did not what was done to him. More students may come forward or it might be an isolated incident, at this point only Professor Katz knows. I also want to add that people make really poor judgments and sometimes the consequences come much later and are bigger than anticipated, sometimes we get second and third and tenth chances to clean up. Professor Katz’s moral failings or the breaking of Princeton rules are not the subject of my article. While doing everything to cover up is a natural response but inside of his natural response is a profile of an entitled man who gives no deference to others in their suffering! Last week I wrote a piece titled ‘When a lie and evil collide you get white supremacy and racism‘. This is a classic example of how white supremacist act, they feel above the law. The point is we are surrounded by many dangerous people who have an ideology that they espouse with impunity. While everyone is entitled to their own opinions, they are not entitled to their facts. People in academic leadership ought to be those who can decipher wrong from right. They can be conservative or liberal, never extremist, because they must be just, they must care for all their students, seek to understand always and give their students and community a fair chance and shake. They must seek answers always, reach out to expand their horizons and reach in to access more depth. They must do their very best to be moral and above reproach and when they fail recognise the failure, change, seek help and be sober. They must never advise against the health and well being of their student or colleague. Integrity, leadership, truth, excellence, good character, good judgement, high standards of morality, humility and more must be dominant in their lifestyle. The thing is that for this to be they cannot be racist or white supremacist. Professor Katz so far has displaced none of these. About Ngozi Bell Take a listen to this podcast and get to know Ngozi Bell  Say It Skillfully® OUR VOICES – Ngozi & Okezue Bell, Carpe Diem! Tuesday, April 5, 2022 (voiceamerica.com) Inspiration, Hard Work, Innovation. These three foundational elements anchor Ngozi’s core belief that manifesting the extraordinary is always within reach. Inspired by her mother A.C.Obikwere, a scientist and author, she learned the privilege of living at the edge of important encounters and dedicating herself to robust and perpetual learning. Ngozi’s background is a combination of Physics, Engineering, Venture Capital/Private Equity, regulations, and business where she has managed over $1B in cumulative revenue. Ngozi is a speaker, storyteller, and writer on a diverse set of topics including AI, iDLT, ML, Signal Processing, iOT, women, entrepreneurship and more. She contributes regularly to VOA, has been a TEDx speaker and is published on tech and non-tech platforms. She is a champion of STEM, women, youth, art and the Africa we must engage. Ngozi is an adjunct professor of Physics and management with work experience in Asia, Europe, Africa, Middle East, and North America. She is a founder of a number of a number of enterprises and host of the podcast Stem, Stocks and Stews (https://anchor.fm/stemstocksstews-podcast). Late Deborah Samuel Yakubu SOKOTO- A professor of law led 33 other lawyers to defend the alleged murderers of Deborah Samuel Yakubu at a Sokoto Chief Magistrates’ Court on Monday. The lead counsel, Mansur Ibrahim is a professor of law at the  Usmanu Danfodiyo University, Sokoto. Such a strong legal representation… In "Top Stories" White supremacy is a farce that extracts all its power at face value and consequently an antithesis of the Word of God. It is narrative and perspective devoid of any sane scientific or societal foundation that has through retelling, force and systems meticulously fulfilled the evil intention of stripping dignity… In "Column - Tuesday" •Prof Florence Obi, Vice Chancellor, University of Calabar BY DOMINIC KIDZU The University of Calabar has been smelling for many years with a breathtaking pungence that is axphixiating, which has caused thousands of intellectual fatalities. The excrescences of its decadence can perhaps only be compared to the social miasma that… In "Education"