By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE ABUJA- The All Progressives Congress (APC) has commenced the screening of its aspirants for 2023 presidential election.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the screening which is presently taking place at the Transcop Hilton Hotel, Abuja would last for two days.A source in the party said its former National Chairman,  Chief John Odigie Oyegun, woud lead the seven-man Presidential Screening Committee (PSC).NAN reports that no fewer than 25 APC presidential aspirants are to contest for the party’s presidential ticket for 2023 election.The list of the presidential aspirants includes Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, Sen. Bola Tinubu, a former governor of Lagos State; Mr Rotimi Amaechi, who was until recently, the Minister of Transportation.Others are former Minister of Niger Delta Development , Sen. Godswill Akpabio, and former Minister of Science, Technology and Innovation, Dr Ogbonnaya Onu.Former Imo Governor, Sen. Rochas Okorocha and former Ogun Governor, Sen. Ibikunle Amosun, Pastor Tunde Bakare; Cross River Governor, Prof. Ben Ayade, and his Ebonyi counterpart, Gov. Dave Umahi are also in the race.Chairman, Nigeria Governors Forum (NGF) and Ekiti  Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, former President of the Senate,  Sen. Ken Nnamani, Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi and Jigawa Governor, Mohammed Abubakar are also in the race.Others are President of the Senate, Dr Ahmad Lawan,  former Zamfara Governor, Sen. Ahmed Yerima, the only APC female aspirant, Mrs Uju Kennedy-Ohnenye,  Pastor Nicholas Nwagbo and a former Speaker of House of Representatives, Mr Dimeji Bankole.The APC has scheduled its presidential primary for June 6 to 8.(NAN) By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE ABUJA- The All Progressives Congress (APC) has adjusted its special convention for presidential primary earlier scheduled for May 29-30 to June 6-8.Mr Felix Morka, the party’s National Publicity Secretary, announced this in a statement on Saturday in Abuja.“This   follows the Independent National Electoral Commission’s extension of deadline… In "Politics" By EMMANUEL MOGBEDEAbuja- The national leadership, youth wing of the All Progressives Congress (APC), has invited the party’s presidential aspirants for a town hall meeting to discuss their plans for youths if elected.Mr Dayo Israel, leader of the APC youth wing, gave the invitation in a statement titled: “What do… In "Politics" By Emmanuel Mogbede Abuja - Pastor Tunde Bakare, Serving Overseer of the Citadel Global Community Church (formerly Latter Rain Assembly) has picked the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential nomination forms. Addressing newsmen on Thursday in Abuja after paying for the Expression of Interest and Nomination forms, Bakare said he would… In "Top Stories"