ABUJA – Dr. Goodluck Jonathan, a former president of Nigeria who was elected on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), was absent on Saturday as the party members gathered at the Moshood Abiola Stadium in Abuja to elect its presidential candidate. Even though his name and picture were on the convention programme, the ex-president was not seen at the venue.No explanation was given for his absence and no goodwill message was sent by him.Jonathan was president between 2010 and 2015 before he was defeated by President Muhammadu Buhari of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). But in the last few years, the former president has distanced himself from the various activities of the opposition party. Ahead of the current political activities, speculations have been rife that the former president is planning to re-contest the presidency on the platform of the APC. Since defeating him in 2015, the relationship between Buhari and Jonathan has been cordial, fueling a speculation that might lead to him (Buhari) handing over to Jonathan as his successor.  (Daily Trust) Former President Goodluck Jonathan (left) with APC National Chairman, Abdullahi Adamu on Monday night Fresh facts have emerged from the recent meeting in Abuja between the former president, Dr. Goodluck Jonathan, and National Chairman of the governing All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Abdullahi Adamu, which was held behind closed doors.… In "Top Stories" First, it started like rumour weeks back, when news filtered in that former President Goodluck Jonathan was considering a return to Aso Rock. The rumour mill went agog as his posters began appearing in some cities across the country and later assumed a life of its own at the weekend… In "Interview" President Muhammadu Buhari I think the most frequently asked question today is, who will succeed President Muhammadu Buhari? With over 35 aspirants openly declaring their interest as of today, a few still in the closet and more coming out, the field has never looked more crowded.  And last week, the… In "Column - Thursday"