By SEGUN FATUASE LAGOS – Nigeria’s oldest secondary school, CMS Grammar School, Bariga Lagos, established on June 6, 1859, on Tuesday began a weeklong anniversary celebration as the old boys under the platform of the Old Grammarians’ Society (OGS) reeled out the programme of events and numerous projects slated for commissioning. OGS president, Mr. Olu Vincent while briefing journalists on the activities to mark the Founder’s Day, acknowledged the laudable contributions of notable old boys including late Otunba TOS Benson, Major General Henry Adefope, Mr Akintola Williams, Late FRA Williams and Chief G.O.K Ajayi, amongst others, stressed that the old boys, with their passion-driven commitment, will continue to upgrade the facilities and make CMS Grammar school the ‘’first greatest secondary school in Nigeria (which) will one day be the greatest in Africa’’. While commending the dedication and commitment of the Proprietors, Management and all stakeholders of the school, Vincent emphasised that the OGS worldwide will ensure the completion and commissioning of projects such as the multi-million naira digitalisation project with independent power supply using solar panel ; the modern kitchen ( both due for commissioning on June 6, 2023) as well as the upgrading of the football field to a modern stadium in due course. Projects already commissioned include an e-library, a modern sick Bay, an air conditioned hall with a separate 100 kva generator, a modern Basketball and an Olympic-size swimming pool. “We desire seriously to make CMS Grammar School a model for others by going back to full boarding school. This will make the students have sound morals and attain excellence in academics and we will be able to control their time for meaningful and impactful activities, ‘’he added.Vincent emphasised the need for a durable maintenance culture of the school facilities and projects to ensure continuity. Tuesday’s activities included a lecture titled: ‘The Role of the Alumni’ which featured many old students giving a pep talks and advice to the current students. Other activities lined up for the Founders’ Day celebration include career day, prize giving day; a luncheon and thanksgiving service. CMS Grammar School: OGS To Inaugurate N27m Projects To Mark 158th Founder’s Day In "Education" Lagos- The Lagos State Government on Thursday presented over N1.3million to eight outstanding senior secondary school students at the 2015 Lagos State Schools' Debate Challenge. Two students of the CMS Girls Senior Grammar School, Bariga - Adetutu Adesuyi and Marvellous Seidu - emerged as the overall winners of the debate in… In "News" When Ahmed (surname withheld) lost his dad at a very tender age, the responsibility of taking care of him and his younger siblings fell on his mother who was employed as a teacher in a private school earning less than N20,000 monthly. It was a challenge to survive and by… In "Opinion"