By Afusat Agunbiade-Oladipo Ilorin- The Police Command in Kwara says it has initiated an investigation against 26 officers and men over alleged harassment, intimidation and extortion. This is contained in a statement issued on Monday in Ilorin by the Command Spokesman, SP Okasanmi Ajayi. Ajayi said that the affected officers were attached to Anti-cultist and Anti-cybercrime units. According to him, all the officers and men have been redeployed out of the units pending the outcome of the investigation to determine their levels of culpability. Ajayi dissociated the command from all references made regarding proceeds of crimes to senior officers by the men in the field. He advised residents not to be scared of reporting the activities of policemen in their localities with facts and proven evidence to the command.He promised to treat any information given with utmost confidentiality.The spokesman said further that the command was ready to name and shame all the black sheep involved in any act capable of dragging the good name of the force in the mud.He also urged members of the public to report any case of harassment, intimidation, extortion and brutality to the command via the following phone numbers: 08156196244, 08064242862 and 08032365122.(NAN) The Police Command in Kwara has condoled with families of 13 persons burnt beyond recognition in an auto crash that happened on Saturday at Lasoju along Ogbomoso-Ilorin Express way in Kwara. The state Police Public Relations Officer( PPRO), SP. Ajayi Okasanmi, said this in a statement in Ilorin. He said… In "Security" By SUNDAY JOHNLAFIA- Gunmen on Sunday,  killed Mr Zakari Kigbu, a  former Federal Commissioner of National Population Commission (NPC) at his residence in Azuba community near Lafia, Nasarawa State capital.ACP Ramhan Nansel, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Nasarawa State Command, confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria… In "News" By AFUSAT AGUNBIADE-OLADIPOIlorin- Police in Kwara on Saturday condemned “the near lawlessness’’ that happened at Alapa/Okolowo/Oloje axis of Ilorin on Friday when auto parts dealers went on rampage.Pandemonium ensued in the area when members of the Kwara State Old Motor Spare Parts Dealers Association, Ipata-Oloje, Ilorin, protested the death of… In "Metro"