By EMMANUEL ACHA ENUGU- A former Chief of Staff to Ex Gov Chimaroke Nnamani of Enugu State, Mr Peter Mba, has emerged winner of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) gubernatorial primaries in the state.the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports.Mba, who was also Commissioner for Finance under Nnamani administration, polled 790 votes in the primaries contested by nine aspiHis closest rival, Mr Chijioke Edeoga polled nine votes, followed by Mr Chinyeaka Ohaa with three votes while Sen. Ike Ekweremadu and Mr Chukwunta Gilbert with one vote respectively.The other five contestants which included Prof. Hillary Edeoga, Mr Ken Onoh, Prof. Barth Nnaji, Sen. Gilbert Nnaji and scored nil vote.Only three void votes were recorded in the primary election.The Chairman of the PDP Gubernatorial Primaries Electoral Committee in Enugu State, Sen. Zik Sunday, who declared the result, described the process as “transparent, credible and peaceful”.Sunday said that 812 delegates were accredited for the exercise with 807 votes cast.He said that at the close of accreditation, two delegates from Oji River Local Government Area were absent.The electoral committee chairman said that independent observers, including officials of the Independent National Electoral Commission were on ground to monitor the exercise.NAN further reports that 19 aspirants purchased the gubernatorial nomination form of the party.However, prior to voting during the primaries, eight of the aspirants stepped down for Mba.The aspirants who announced their withdrawals are Messrs Chukwudi Nneji, Kingsley Udeh, Erasmus Anike and Nwabueze Ugwu.The rest are Messrs Ifeanyichukwu Nwoye, Onyekwere Nnaji, Beloved-Dan Anike and Gabriel Ajah.In his acceptance speech, the governorship candidate, pledged to serve with humility and build on the success of the current administration if elected.According to Mba, it is our vision to transform our state with the  support of the people of the state.It would be recalled that Ekweremadu had in a statement early hours of Wednesday announced his withdrawal from the contest.NAN further reports that voting at the primaries which held in the main-bowl of the Nnamdi Azikiwe Stadium, Enugu started by 2:22pm.Mba, a legal professional, who hails from Nkanu East Local Government Area of the state is the Chief Executive Officer, Pinnacle Oils Nig. Ltd. (NAN) By EMMANUEL ACHA/BENSON EZEUGWU Chief Ike Ekweremadu ENUGU- Former Deputy President of the Senate, Chief Ike Ekweremadu has announced his withdrawal from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) gubernatorial primaries. The Director-General, Ikeoha Campaign Organisation, Mr Charles Asogwa, disclosed this in a statement on Wednesday in Enugu. Recall that the PDP… In "Politics" Enugu- Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu and Sen. Gilbert Nnaji Chairman, Senate Committee on Communications, have won the PDP primary to contest the 2015 senatorial election in Enugu state. Ekweremadu won the Enugu-West senatorial seat after his opponent; Gov. Sullivan Chime of Enugu State withdrew from the race in the… In "News" By ALEX ENEBELI Enugu- The electoral panel from the National Secretariat of the PDP which conducted the congresses accros the 17 local government areas of Enugu State said the exercise was “peaceful, transparent and well organised”.The PDP LGA congresses were held to elect one National Delegate and nominate one Person Living… In "Politics"