By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – As part of their efforts to giving back to the society, the players and management of Ejike Ugboaja Football Club of Abuja on Friday embarked on a community service of cleaning Wuse market. They also donate money/provisions to the less privileges. The exercise which took place in Wuse market attracted lots of attention as it served as the first of it’s kind. Speaking on why the club embarked on such community service of cleaning the Wuse market and it’s surroundings, the chairman of the club, Ejike Ugboaja said, the exercise became possible in order to prepare the minds of the players on what to expect if they live the shore of this country to ply their trade abroad as professional footballers. He also said, he introduced it because he felt it was right to start doing so having spent over 12 years playing basketball abroad and engaging in such activities on a regular basis “I think what I am trying to achieve is that whenever the players are across the globe, they will always remember to return back to serve their community back here in Nigeria.“The community service we embarked upon today (Friday) was good because most of us sports men and women who have played abroad this is exactly what we do there and so I felt Ejike Ugboaja FC should start doing it here.“It’s not only representing the country in international competitions that matters but what we did was to also clean the capital city of Nigeria because that gives the upcoming players sense of patriotism and belonging,” he said. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A rising football club in Nigeria, Ejike Ugboaja FC will on Thursday, February 24, 2022 commences a four days open screening for players between the ages of 16-20. The screening will offer the players the opportunity to showcase their God’s giving talents so… In "Sports" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The former Nigerian basketball and NBA Star, Ejike Ugboaja has clarified that he is not contesting for the Nigerian Basketball Federation’s president as it’s widely speculated. Ejike, who was the players’ representing the Engineer Musa Kida-led NBBF board that was dissolved by the… In "Sports" Otukpo (Benue)- A national senior men basketball player, Ejike Ugboaja, on Wednesday urged the National Sports Commission (NSC) to assist the Nigeria Basketball Federation (NBBF) in the development of basketball. Ugboaja told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) at the ongoing Mark D’ Ball Basketball competition in Otukpo, Benue, that provision… In "Sports"