By YUNUS YUSUFLAGOS- Party loyalists at the APC house of assembly primaries in Somolu Constituency II, have  alleged that political appointees were  included in the delegates list,  negating the new Electoral act.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that hundreds of the party loyalists blocked the entrance to the Bariga Local Council Development Area gate, venue of the election in Lagos State.Speaking to NAN, Mr Rotimi Abiru, current Lagos state house of assembly lawmaker, Somolu constituency Ii, said the Electoral Act was very clear on who had the right to vote and be voted for.Abiru said  the APC also reiterated that all political appointees seeking elective positions should resign before they could be allowed to participate in the election.” l also have the right to vote and be voted for, but because l fall in that category of serving lawmaker, l cannot vote.” What is causing the problem here is that some local government political appointees who are not supposed to be on the list or to be voted for were included in the delegates list.” However, the electoral officer said that there is an appeal committee set up to hear all petitions and complaints and , they should seize the opportunity to write an appeal rather than stop the process of election,” he said.NAN also reports that the electoral officer, delegates, security personnel appealed to the crowd to allow the process to start.As at 4.45 p.m, accreditation and voting had not commenced, while the Electoral officer, Mr Olaibe Blaize, told NAN that “my mandate is to conduct election here based on the names on the list.” I am not here to compromise the mandate. I appeal to delegates and party loyalists to allow the process to take place, ” Blaize appealed. (NAN) By YUNUS YUSUF LAGOS- Inability of  Electoral Officers to get the delegates list from the local government area chairman has delayed  commencement of APC House of Assembly primaries in Somolu Constituency II. Mr Okon Kenyen, the APC Returning Officer/Electoral Officer, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)  on Friday… In "Politics" By REPORTERS LAGOS- Late arrival of  electoral committee members and materials has again, delayed conduct of   APC House of Assembly primaries in Lagos State.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the house of assembly primaries had earlier been scheduled for Thursday, May 26 but due to late arrival of… In "Politics" By ADEOTI OKUNLOLA, OLAYINKA OLAWALE/OKU OFFIONG Mr Desmond Elliot LAGOS- Mr Desmond Elliot, representing Surulere Constituency I in  Lagos State House of Assembly, has won the All Progressives Congress (APC) ticket  for a third term. The primary election took place on Friday at Akerele Primary Health Centre, Surulere, amid tight… In "Politics"