UVURU, Mbaise – The Uvuru Platinum Association (UPA) has sent a message of congratulation to its member, Mr. Princewill Ugochukwu Amuchie, who emerged victorious at the just-concluded Aboh Mbaise State Constituency primary election of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP).In a statement issued by Mr. Emeka Nzeh, Secretary-General of UPA on Friday, the association declated Amuchie’s victory as well deserved.The association commended its two other members, Comrade Aloy Onumadu and Mr. Chigozie Nwachukwu, who contested with Amuchie for the State Assembly ticket for their spirit of sportsmanship during and after the primary election.The full statement reads:“The Executive Council and members of Uvuru Platinum Association heartily congratulate our own, Hon. Princewill Ugochukwu Amuchie, on his landslide victory in the just concluded Aboh Mbaise PDP State Constituency Primary Election held yesterday (26 May 2022). It is a well deserved victory indeed and victory for Uvuru Platinum Association.“To our members, Comrade Aloy Chimezie and Barr. Chigozie Nwachukwu, who were not successful in the primary election, we thank you for the decorum and maturity you exhibited during, before and after the primary election. Now that the primary election is over, we urge you to unite, rally round and support our  victorious brother to ensure his ultimate victory in the main election. This is time to work together as brothers, in the spirit of UP House, his victory is for all of us in UP House in particular and Uvuru in general.” UVURU, Mbaise, Imo State - The Uvuru Ikedinairi community in the Aboh Mbaise Local Government Area of Imo State will hold its maiden political summit on Saturday, 16 April 2022 at Uvuru Town Hall. According to a statement jointly signed by Robert Nnaji, Director-General, Political Summit Group; Martins Uba Nwamadi,… In "Top Stories" •Sir Stanley Amuchie, Executive Director, Chief Operations/Information Officer, Fidelity Bank Plc Mbaise, Imo State (Sundiata Post) - The Uvuru Platinum Association (UPA) has sent a message of congratulation to Sir Stanley Amuchie, Chairman of its Board of Trustees (BoT) on his recent appointment as Executive Director, Chief Operations/Information Officer, Fidelity… In "Top Stories" •Sir Stanley Amuchie, Executive Director, Fidelity Bank By CHIBUIKE NWABUKO Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The entire people of Uvuru Ikedinairi in Aboh Mbaise LGA, Imo State, have hailed Fidelity Bank PLC for the appointment of one of their sons, Sir Stanley Chiedozie Amuchie as Executive Director, Chief Operations and Information… In "Top Stories"