By USMAN ALIYUBENIN- About 63 aspirants will on Thursday partake in the primary elections of the All Progressives Congress (APC) for the 24 state constituency seats at the Edo House of Assembly.Retired Col. David Imuse, the state APC Chairman, disclosed this on Wednesday in Benin while speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) ahead of the exercise.“We are talking of about 63 aspirants across the 24 constituencies,” Imuse said, urging the delegates for the shadow poll to vote according to their conscience.Edo is, however, exempted from the gubernatorial primaries that would hold simultaneously in other states of the country with the House of Assembly primaries as the tenure of Gov. Godwin Obaseki’s administration will last till November 2024.The Edo APC leader said the exercise would be peaceful and transparent as against the show of shame that characterised the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) primaries in the state.“APC is a very discipline party. We are not people deceive people.“We expect very transparent primaries in such a way that everybody will be happier at the end of the day,” Imuse said. (NAN) Abuja - Some All Progressives Congress governorship and state Houses of Assembly aspirants in Ogun, Rivers, Sokoto, Lagos and Osun states have called for a direct primary to elect the party’s candidates in the 2023 elections. The aspirants, in separate interviews with The PUNCH on Tuesday, alleged that governors and… In "Top Stories" Abuja - All the presidential aspirants in the All Progressives Congress, except a former Lagos State governor, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, are open to the idea of the candidate of the party emerging through consensus. The consensus method will entail President Muhammadu Buhari anointing one of the aspirants, while the others… In "Top Stories" By REMI KOLEOSO ADO EKITI- An aspirant for the House of Representatives in Ekiti on the platform APC, Mr Sunday Ola, on Wednesday alleged that the delegates list had been doctored ahead of the party’s primary scheduled to hold on Saturday. Ola, at a news conference in Ado Ekiti, described… In "Politics"