By YUNUS YUSUF LAGOS- Inability of  Electoral Officers to get the delegates list from the local government area chairman has delayed  commencement of APC House of Assembly primaries in Somolu Constituency II. Mr Okon Kenyen, the APC Returning Officer/Electoral Officer, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)  on Friday that the primaries’ ad-hoc delegates list with the LGA chairman was the cause of the delay in commencement of the election. Kenyen said:  “l cannot commence any election without the ad-hoc delegates list, which should be provided by the APC LGA chairman, but, unfortunately, the chairman is nowhere to be found.” l have called my superiors at the APC state headquarters  on the situation and l was told to wait for the list.” The election cannot take more than an hour as there are  only 30 delegates for the election, but we are being delayed by absence of the list, ” he said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) correspondent who monitored the election, reports that as at 2.57 p.m., there were  no activities at Bariga Local Council Development Area, the election venue. Over 100 party loyalists were outside the gate shouting and asking the electoral officer to commence the process without the list. There was, however, heavy presence of security personnel at the venue to enforce law and order. NAN reports that 10 aspirants are jostling for the APC ticket in the area  .(NAN) By REPORTERS LAGOS- Late arrival of  electoral committee members and materials has again, delayed conduct of   APC House of Assembly primaries in Lagos State.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the house of assembly primaries had earlier been scheduled for Thursday, May 26 but due to late arrival of… In "Politics" By ADEYEMI ADELEYE Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu LAGOS- Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State has clinched the APC ticket to run for second term in the 2023 governorship election in the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Sanwo-Olu,  a  sole aspirant at the primaries held on Thursday at… In "Politics" By ADEYEMI ADELEYE LAGOS- Voting  begun late at  the APC Governorship Primaries in Lagos State amidst tight security, and watch of officials of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC).The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that voting commenced at 2:00 p.m. after completion of the accreditation of ad hoc delegates.The… In "Politics"