By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Minority leader of the 8th Senate, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe who has clinched the Abia South senatorial ticket under the platform of the All Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA) has promised that he will lead in the front to liberate the State from the malaise of godfatherism and maladministration, which remains the bane of her development. He also advised Ndigbo to coalesce in APGA in the face of current political realities in Nigeria. In his words shortly after he was returned unopposed he said: “From today I will lead in the front to liberate our State from the malaise of godfatherism and maladministration, which remains the bane of her development. “APGA will surely take over the reigns of governance of this state in 2023”, he said. Sundiata Post recalls that Mr Lucky Erondu was the returning officer of the election, monitored by INEC and a crowd of party faithful and enthusiastic youths that literally mobbed the popular Senator in admiration. The even held in Okigwe Road, Aba. Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe, Senate Minority Leader UMUAHIA - Two days after he boycotted the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Abia 2023 governorship primaries over alleged irregularities, Senate Minority Leader Enyinnaya Abaribe has pitched his tent with the opposition All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA). An Abia APGA chieftain (name withheld) who spoke… In "Politics" Abuja - No fewer than 30 senators may not make it back to the parliament in 2023 when the 10th National Assembly would be inaugurated.  While some are pursuing other aspirations, paving the way for other aspirants to take over their seats in the Red Chamber, the re-election bids of… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate on Wednesday held a valedictory session to mark the exit of three members of the upper chamber.  The members include the new Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Abdullahi Adamu, the Deputy National Chairman (North), Abubakar Kyari, and Deputy… In "Top Stories"