By OLUWATOPE LAWANSON LAGOS- Afrobeat legend, Femi Kuti and his first son, Made, have teamed up for a joint show tagged, “Father & Son: The Experience”.“Father & Son: The Experience” is the first concert that will be co-headlined by Femi and Made.Funke Kuti, Chief Executive Officer, FK Management, the company behind the show, made the disclosure in Lagos on Saturday.Kuti said this was coming many weeks after the father and son’s Grammy nomination experience for their joint album, “Legacy+”.According to her, both father and son are gearing up for the joint concert with a promise to leave fans asking for more. ”It has become a usual feature in recent times to see a feature of Made on a Femi Kuti set while the latter is on tour, and Femi has also featured in all Made’s concerts in and outside the New Afrika Shrine.”This concert will be their first co-headlined show since their joint Grammy Nominations.”A show that seeks to bring to the home of Afrobeat the old and the newly converted followers of Afrobeat,” she said. Kuti noted that the concert was scheduled to hold at the new Afrika Shrine on June 5, 2022.Omorinmade Kuti, is the grandson of Afrobeat legend Olufela Anikulapo Kuti, while his father, Femi, is the first son of the late Afrobeat legend.Made has been performing alongside his father since he was a young boy but began featuring at his father’s performances after completing his education at Trinity Laban Conservatoire, London.He has gone ahead to release his debut album, “For(e)word” in February 2021 alongside his father’s “Stop the Hate” album to make up the Grammy-nominated album, “Legacy+” (NAN) the Nigerian Afrobeat singer, is set to perform at the 2022 Hollywood Bowl in June. The ‘Sorry Sorry’ crooner disclosed this in an Instagram post on Tuesday. He shared a picture of the flier of the event. The Afrobeat singer also said he is excited to be performing at the… In "News" It is a sad day for Wizkid FC as their fave just lost his Two Grammy Nominations. Easy Method To Get Rid Of Pain In JointsArthroNeo Stable Blood Pressure Till Old Age. Take 2 Minutes To ReadCardiovax If You Have Joint Pain, Read It Before It Gets Deleted!Arthrazex Recall that… In "Entertainment" Femi Kuti, the first son of Afrobeat pioneer, Fela Kuti has disclosed that he would love to be cremated when he dies because it is the most hygienic way. Cremation is the process of reducing a dead body to mostly tiny bits of bone resembling ash that involves exposing the… In "News"