KADUNA – The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) in Kaduna State has condemned the killing of Harira Jubril, a pregnant woman with her four children in Anambra State. The children were nine-year-old Fatima, seven-year-old Khadija, five-year-old Hadiza and two-year-old Zaituna. They were allegedly massacred by members of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). The group has, however, denied the allegation. But not impressed by the denial, CAN called them out on Tuesday. “This unfortunate act is getting out of hand. IPOB members are murderers, cowards and subhuman who oppress the innocent and kill children. FG should treat them same way as Boko Haram,” said CAN. Rev Joseph John Hayab, Chairman of CAN in Kaduna State, said in a statement that as for Fatima, her children and six others that were unjustly killed, may God forgive their shortcomings, grant their innocent souls rest and grant their families strength to bear their loss. “The expansion of evil versus the silence of godly people in Nigeria. We have read the story of the Killing of Fatima, her unborn child, and four children in Anambra with sadness and disappointment about how evil activities have expanded in our country while good people are divided and silent. “Life in our country has become so cheap with the raising of many evil criminal groups in every part of the country. “Killing of human beings is no longer a serious matter because the people have been divided by tribe, region, and religion which has made it impossible for us to collectively condemn the evil around us or fight the evil we are seeing as a united force. “CAN sees the massacre of Fatima, her unborn child, and four children by criminals and terrorists in Anambra as bad for Nigeria’s peace and unity. “CAN cannot keep quiet when evil is destroying the land. We all must know that when there is an injury to one then that injury is to all and evil only triumphs when good people keep quiet and look the other way. “CAN therefore is urging the federal government to go after Fatima’s murderers and all others who have killed any Nigeria from any region or of any identity. “Until our government and our law enforcement agencies go after all criminals and murderers and justice is seen to have been done on all murderers, this evil will not stop and the murderers will not see their crime as evil but instead, they will smartly make us fight amongst ourselves and pay less attention to their crime. “CAN Kaduna State commiserates with Fatima’s family and prays to God for comfort. CAN will also continue to preach peace, pray for peace, and speak truth to power and against every wrongdoing in Kaduna State and Nigeria as a whole. Because we believe that an injury to one is an injury to all. May God deliver Nigeria from bloodthirsty criminals.” . Governor Chukwuma Soludo (left) and Nnamdi Kanu when the governor visited the IPOB leader in detention recently... The South-East geo-political zone in Nigeria has been in turmoil for some time now. The nebulous activities of a group known derisively as ‘unknown gunmen’ have rendered the zone prostrate and about to… In "Opinion" ....Security Forces And Nigerian Govt Forcing Southeast Igbo Population Into Suicide-Terrorism …50 defenseless civilians killed in seven days by security forces in “medicine-after-death attacks in Imo, Anambra, ors …killing of unarmed ‘IPOB’ members a clear case of class criminalization and premeditated mass murder …senior security officers of 2015-2023 eras risking… In "Top Stories" Governor Chukwuma Solufo AWKA - The Anambra State Government has debunked a report alleging that there was a religious killing in the state. In a statement on Tuesday, Christian Aburime, the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Chukwuma Soludo, said the statement had become necessary to set the record straight about… In "Top Stories"