Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State has dissolved the state executive council, while his chief of staff, Emeka Woke and his Senior Special Assistant on Protocol, Harold Koko, were sacked . The dissolution and dismissal was contained in a special government announcement signed by Governor Wike’s Special Assistant on Media, Kekvin Ebiri, in Port Harcourt on Tuesday morning. No reason was given for the sacking of the two senior government officials. However ,the governor thanked the cabinet members for their services and contributions to the state and wished them well in their future endeavours. The statement read,” Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Ezenwo Wike, has dissolved the State Executive Council with effect from Tuesday, May 24, 2022. “The Chief of Staff to the governor and Senior Special Assistant (Protocol), have also been relieved of their office. “His Excellency, Governor Nyesom Ezenwo Wike, commends the members the Rivers State Executive Council for their service and contribution to the development of the State. “He has also wished them the best in all their future endeavours.” The statement further said Governor Wike, instructed all the former members of the State Executive Council to hand over to the most senior officers in their respective ministries.(Punch) By PRECIOUS AKUTAMADU PORT HARCOURT- Gov. Nyesom Wike of Rivers State on Tuesday dissolved the State Executive Council. This is contained in a statement issued by Mr Kelvin Ebiri, the governor’s Special Assistant on Media,in Port-Hacourt. According  to the statement,the governor also sacked Mr Emeka Woke,his Chief of Staff, Emeka… In "News" Rivers Governor Nyesom Wike has declared a House of Representatives member and governorship aspirant, Farah Dagogo, wanted for allegedly hiring cultists to attack the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) secretariat in Port Harcourt. The Governor, in a statement by his Special Assistant, Media, Kelvin Ebiri, directed the Rivers State Police Command… In "Politics" PORT HARCOURT – Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has expressed shock over the news of the demise of elder statesman, Alabo Tonye Graham Douglas, with profound sadness. Governor Wike, in a statement issued by his Special Assistant on Media, Kelvin Ebiri, said Rivers State has lost one of its most… In "Security"