Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former President of the Senate and an aspirant who contested the Presidential primary under the Peoples Democratic Party, Anyim Pius Anyim, has congratulated Atiku Abubakar for emerging as the party’s presidential flag-bearer. He appreciated the 2022 PDP Special Convention Committee led by the former president of the senate, Senator David Mark for competently conducting the exercise. He also said his participation till the end of the contest has made him gratified. However, Mr Anyim bemoaned the voting process employed during the election saying it is obsolete, pondering whether the quest to find solutions to the country’s challenges would be achieved by such behaviours. In a statement signed personally by Mr Anyim via Anyim Presidential Campaign Organization on Sunday, he said, “Let me also congratulate His Excellency, Atiku Abubakar for emerging the PDP flag bearer for the 2023 presidential election”. “However, I am shocked that consideration for voting the PDP presidential candidate was not based on burning national issues and how to resolve them, but still on the old primordial sentiments. “It appears doubtful if our search for nationhood is yielding any results”. He appreciated the 2022 Special Convention Planning committee for living up to expectations and also commended his supporters for standing by him all through the race. “I must sincerely commend the PDP 2022 Special Convention Committee for doing a great job. I’m proud to have gone through the race to the end”. ....Mudslinging as Rivers gov alleges smear plot ......Ex-Vice President in last minutes call with delegates Abuja - After months of rigorous campaign, the 14 aspirants jostling for the presidential ticket of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in next year’s election will submit themselves for assessment today in Abuja. Their fate… In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former vice-president and serial presidential aspirant, Atiku Abubakar, has beaten the governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike to emerge as the presidential candidate of the opposition party, the Peoples Democratic Party. Atiku beats Wike to emerge as a candidate at the end of… In "Top Stories" •Atiku greeting supporters on Saturday night at MKO Abiola Stadium, convention venue in Abuja ABUJA - Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, former vice president, Saturday night, 28 May 2022, beat 12 other challengers to emerge as the candidate of the opposition People’ls Democratic Party for the 2023 presidential election. Emerging facts indicate… In "Top Stories"